Johan Kling
Johan Kling ( born Carl - David Johan Natt och Dag , 7 August 1962 , in Stockholm , Sweden ) is a Swedish film director , screenwriter , and novelist .
His debut movie , " Darling " ( 2007 ) , won the award for best Swedish film .
Career .
Kling , the son of artist Carl Gustaf Lennart Ranghusen and Sara Natt och Dag , started his career making in television , making commercials ( for McDonald 's , among others ) and directing TV shows .
Movies .
" Darling " .
Kling 's debut feature , " Darling " , which he wrote and directed , was released in 2007 .
The movie is based on a short film , " Jag " , made a few years earlier .
" Darling " is " a dark comedy about morals and manners in Stockholm , " and stars Michael Segerström and Michelle Meadows .
The latter 's performance was praised highly by " Variety " , which also praised Kling 's " smooth " direction .
After winning the Best Film award , the " Nordic Film Prize , " at the 2007 Gothenburg Film Festival , " Darling " garnered almost every possible award in Sweden .
At the Swedish Film Awards in 2007 , the Guldbagge Awards , " Darling " was nominated in six categories and won the awards for Best Male Actor and Best Cinematography .
The film was awarded the award for best film of 2007 by the Swedish Association of Film Critics .
" Darling " had its international premiere at the San Sebastián International Film Festival in Spain , where it competed in the New Directors section .
" Darling " was awarded Best Movie prize at the 2008 Baltic Debuts film festival in Svetlogorsk , Russia .
In 2011 Johan Kling is returning to Baltic Debuts as the member of the international jury .
" Trust Me " .
Kling announced in 2008 that " Darling " would be followed by " Trust Me " , again starring Michelle Meadows and Michael Segerström .
Novels .
Kling 's novel " Människor helt utan betydelse " was published in 2009 , and tells the story of a PR worker and his girlfriend ; the leading Swedish newspaper " Svenska Dagbladet " thought it one of the more notable Swedish books of the year .

Minister of Croatian Affairs of Hungary
The Minister of Croatian Affairs of Hungary ( ) was a member of the Hungarian cabinet in Austria - Hungary .
The position was created following the Croatian – Hungarian Agreement in 1868 .
The minister was appointed by the Croatian Parliament , the " Sabor " .
The officeholder kept a connection between Croatia - Slavonia - Dalmatia and the Kingdom of Hungary ( and also the Austrian part of Austria - Hungary ) .
This position was without portfolio .
This page is a list of Ministers of Croatian Affairs of Hungary .
After World War I. After the First World War the ministry was dissolved because Croatia became part of the State of Slovenes , Croats and Serbs and subsequently Yugoslavia .
But , " de jure " , until the Hungarian Soviet Republic , this position survived .
Zsigmond Kunfi was a People 's Commissar who was entrusted with the ministry 's liquidating , between 6 November 1918 and 19 January 1919 .

Archduchess Isabella of Austria
Archduchess " Isabella " Maria Theresia Christine Eugenie of Austria - Teschen ( 17 November 1887 – 6 December 1973 ) was a daughter of Archduke Friedrich , Duke of Teschen and his wife Princess Isabella of Croÿ .
She was a member of the House of Habsburg - Lorraine ( her grandfather , Archduke Karl Ferdinand of Austria , was a grandson of Holy Roman Emperor Leopold II ) .
Isabella was notable for her brief marriage to Prince Georg of Bavaria .
Their separation and subsequent annulment were widely reported in newspapers .
As a result of this and her later actions as a nurse in the Austrian army , Isabella became considered as a romantic figure ; one publication called her " the most romantic heroine of the present war in Austria " .
Family .
Isabella was the seventh daughter of Archduke Friedrich , Duke of Teschen and his wife Princess Isabella of Croÿ .
Some of her siblings included Maria Anna , Princess of Bourbon-Parma and Maria Christina , Hereditary Princess of Salm-Salm .
Isabella 's paternal grandparents were Archduke Karl Ferdinand of Austria and Archduchess Elisabeth Franziska of Austria .
Her maternal grandparents were Rudolf , Duke of Croÿ and Princess Natalie of Ligne .
Marriage .
Wedding ceremony .
On 10 February 1912 , Isabella married her distant cousin Prince Georg of Bavaria .
He was the elder son of Prince Leopold of Bavaria and his wife Archduchess Gisela of Austria .
The wedding took place at the Schönbrunn Palace in Vienna , and was attended by many important figures , including Franz Joseph I of Austria , Prince Georg 's maternal grandfather .
Before the wedding , Isabella renounced all rights of succession to the Austrian and Hungarian thrones , an act required of all archduchesses when they married , regardless of the groom 's rank .
She solemnly made her renunciation in front of the entire Viennese court .
It is believed that Isabella had second thoughts even before the marriage , but was forced to go through with the plans regardless .
On the evening before the wedding , a mysterious fire broke out ; it was extinguished before the building was destroyed , but not before it destroyed her wedding dress and vast trousseau .
Isabella reportedly used the fire as an excuse to postpone the wedding , indicating her guilt by some .
One account states , " The bride , rebellious and tearful , showed in every action that she hated her husband " .
Separation .
The couple honeymooned in Wales , Paris , and Algiers but separated before they returned to Bavaria .
Sources state that they quarreled all through the honeymoon and became irreconcilable .
Upon their return , the couple took up residence in Munich , where Isabella first experienced Bavarian court life .
They lived there for three days before Isabella left the city for her Viennese home to stay with her mother , and refused to return .
Family members tried to bring about a reconciliation , and there seemed to be hopes for a resolution for a small period of time .
When these failed , Georg 's father Prince Leopold even took a special journey to Vienna to convince Isabella to return .
In the end however , all efforts failed .
The two were very different in character and disposition , and Isabella reportedly felt she had been slighted by members of the Bavarian royal court .
The reason officially assigned stated that their separation was due to the " incompatibility based upon fundamental differences of character " .
On 11 October 1912 , the Lord Chamberlain to Luitpold , Prince Regent of Bavaria made an official announcement concerning the couple .
While he declared the Prince Regent 's opposition to an annulment as a means of separation , he also stated his consent for a divorce : " Public attention has recently and repeatedly been called to the deeply regrettable domestic conflict which has arisen between Prince George of Bavaria and his wife , Princess Isabelle .
It is hereby stated that all reports to the effect that there is ground for declaring the marriage null and void are entirely unfounded .
It is the truth from the very beginning there has been profound incompatibility between the couple , which springs from differences in their character , and on account of which the marital relationship between them has been utterly destroyed .
If a dissolution of the marriage should take place , it could only be by way of divorce .
" On 17 January 1913 , the union was officially dissolved by the Royal Bavarian Supreme Court .
Despite the Lord Chamberlain 's previous declaration to the contrary , it was annulled by the Holy See on the grounds of non - consummation on 5 March of that same year .
Georg later became ordained as a Catholic priest .
Later life .
Upon her annulment , Isabella recovered all claims to the Habsburg and Hungarian thrones that she had previously renounced .
Like earlier archduchesses , who were either widowed or separated from their husbands , it was assumed that Isabella would join a convent .
She chose another path however .
In the months leading up to World War I , it was discovered that there was a great lack of skilled nurses available for service in wartime .
The Red Cross accordingly opened several schools in Austria-Hungary in order to train more nurses .
In 1913 , Isabella underwent training at one of the largest Vienna hospitals for the poor , and planned afterwards to join the Red Cross .
She immediately became a nurse in the Austrian army during the war under the name Sister Irmgard ( sometimes called Hildegard ) , treating wounded soldiers who came into her care .
She established her own nursing staff , and donated much of her wealth to the purchasing of medical supplies .
According to the newspaper the " Berliner Lokal-Anzeiger " , in 1915 Isabella became engaged to the Viennese surgeon Paul Albrecht ( 1873–1928 ) until Emperor Franz Joseph I of Austria forbade the marriage .
She thus never married again and died in La Tour - de - Peilz , Switzerland on December 6 , 1973 .

California International Law Center
The California International Law Center is a research center at the University of California , Davis School of Law ( Martin Luther King , Jr. Hall ) that focuses on international , comparative , and transnational law .
It works to promote scholarship , curricular and career development , and partnerships with organizations such as the American Society of International Law and the Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice and Human Rights .
It was founded in 2009 .
CILC 's director is Diane Marie Amann , a distinguished scholar in the area of international law .
The acronym " CILC " is pronounced as " silk .
" CILC sponsors the Asylum and Refugee Law National Moot Court Competition .
Darfur Project .
CILC has partnered with the Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice and Human Rights for special project focused on the crisis in Darfur .
RFK ’s 2007 Human Rights Laureate Dr. Mohammed Ahmed Abdallah , academic faculty from throughout California , and CILC 's fellow , students , and alumni will participate in creating a report of past reconciliation efforts .
Global Council .
CILC 's Global Council consists of leaders in international legal and policy advocacy .
Current members of the council include Prof. Clayborne Carson , Prof. Mireille Delmas-Marty , Prof. William A. Schabas , former ambassador Derek Shearer , and Judge Patricia M. Wald .

Hornblende Lake
Hornblende Lake is a lake in Thunder Bay District , Ontario , Canada .
It is about long and wide , and lies at an elevation of .
The primary inflow is the Whitesand River flowing downstream from Longcanoe Lake , and the primary outflow is also the Whitesand River , which flows downstream into Lyne Lake .

Hamilton ravine system
The Hamilton ravine system is one of the most distinctive features of the geography of Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
It is a network of deep ravines that form a large urban forest that runs throughout much of the city .
For the most part designated as parkland , the ravines are somewhat undeveloped .
Origin .
Hamilton is known for having the Niagara Escarpment run through the entire city .
This was formed after the end of the last Ice Age some 12,000 years ago .
After glaciers carved the area of which the Great Lakes are now situated .
Many of the streams located on the top of the escarpment that would drain into the higher elevated lakes would eventually form most of Hamilton 's waterfalls and cascades after the lake levels receded .
Eventually these streams would erode the soft sand like soils in the lower section of Hamilton area and form many of their ravines today Human use .
Despite the moderately dense population of metropolitan Hamilton , many of the ravines have been left close to their natural state .
The most important reason for this is the danger of slight flooding .
The rivers and streams that flow through the ravines are highly variable .
During the late summer , many of the smaller ones will slow to a trickle .
During the spring and after major storms , the creeks often overflow their banks and flood the marshy lands that surround most of them .
Many of these ravines located on the Stoney Creek , Ontario section of Hamilton have small human intervention like tunnels in them allowing the water to flow through so a road can exist above .
Other human intervention includes parks , trails , nearby houses , and even small factories or warehouses nearby although they are not used to extract water or dump their wastes .

Victor Bodiu
Victor Bodiu ( born March 27 , 1971 , in Chişinău ) is a Moldovan politician .
Since September 2009 he is the Head of State Chancellery of the Moldovan Government .
Having held the title of Minister of State till early 2011 , he is the current Secretary General of the Government in the Second Vlad Filat Cabinet .
Biography .
Bodiu was born on March 27 , 1971 in Chişinău .
Though supported by the Liberal Democratic Party of Moldova , he is not a Party member .
Victor Bodiu holds a degree in Banking and Finance and a degree in Physics and Engineering .
As Minister of State , and further as Secretary General of the Government , Victor Bodiu had a central role in strategic planning , policy and donors coordination , dialogue with Development partners and bilateral relations on development assistance to the Republic of Moldova ; During one year and a half , major actions initiated and coordinated by him were : - Rethink Moldova – a policies priorities document , based on which Republic of Moldova has obtained a pledge of 1,8 bil .
EUR financing for different sectors .
- Coordination of the Central Public Administration Reform ( CPAR ) and supervision of relevant projects part of the action , including Moldova e-Government project – part of the CPAR , aimed at modernizing the Moldovan public administration and at implementing modern ICT technologies .
- Maintain dialogue with the Chinese Government loans on infrastructure projects - Coordination of emergency actions during the summer 2010 floods during one month based in the flooded areas .
Subsequent Post-Disaster Needs Assessment and mobilisation of donor-funded resources .
- Elaboration of Government Programme 2011-2014 .
- Member of the Committee for Financial Stability , European Integration Committee , Strategic Planning Committee Permanent communication and interaction based on common undertakings with major Development Partners – IMF , World Bank , European Union , UNDP .
Representative of the Government of Moldova at the Council of Europe Bank ( CEB ) Since September 2001 till September 2009 , he was employed with Raiffeisen , having worked in different locations - Austria , Romania , and Moldova .
Until late 2005 Victor Bodiu has been involved in multiple transnational deals involving investment promotion activities in East - European Countries ( Austria , Poland , Romania , Moldova ) .
His major task , however , involved the management of Raiffeisen Investment activities in Romania and Moldova .
Assisting strategic partners in their investment activities in Moldova , Romania , Poland in form of Direct Investment , Mergers and Acquisitions , privatizations , partnership and relationship building .
Major sectors covered : infrastructure , pharmaceuticals , food&beverages , heavy industry , telecom , energy , financial services , retail .
With a team of 25 highly qualified specialists , Victor Bodiu managed over 20 projects with a combined portfolio of more than 800 mil .
EUR .
Till this date , he was also in charge of planning the Raiffeisen Group entry to the Moldovan market ; further planning and strategy development .
As of January 2006 Victor Bodiu is full-time based in Moldova , as Managing Director of Raiffeisen Leasing Moldova ( officially founded in December 2007 ) .
In two years the company became number three in overall local leasing market , number two as corporate financing and number one in equipment financing , with a turnover of more than 50 mio MDL .
As of 2009 Raiffeisen Leasing built a portfolio of 90 mio MDL , with a strong client base of almost 200 corporate and private clients .
Raiffeisen Leasing portfolio is also the healthiest portfolio among other market players , with a Non Performance Loans rate of less than 5 % ( very important in the crisis period ) .
In 1999-2001 , he was the Director General of the Privatization Department .
His early career involved multiple international consulting assignments since 1994 till 1999 for the Governments of Ukraine and Moldova on privatization issues , development of securities markets , stock exchange procedures , portfolio management , capital rising , financial markets , licensing procedures and taxation , export promotion and investment attraction .
References .

First Cooper Ministry
The Cooper Ministry was a ministry of the Government of Queensland and was led by Labor Premier Frank Cooper .
It succeeded the Forgan Smith Ministry on 16 September 1942 following Forgan Smith 's resignation from the Ministry after over 10 years as Premier .
The ministry was followed by the Hanlon Ministry on 7 March 1946 following Cooper 's own resignation .
First ministry .
On 16 September 1942 , the Governor , Sir Leslie Orme Wilson , designated 10 principal executive offices of the Government , appointed Vince Gair to the Executive Council to fill the vacancy left by Forgan Smith 's resignation , and appointed the following Members of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland to the Ministry as follows : Second ministry .
Labor was re-elected at the 1944 election and the Ministry was reconstituted on 27 April 1944 .
The Ministers served until the resignation of Frank Cooper on 7 March 1946 and the formation of a new ministry under Deputy Premier Ned Hanlon .

John E. McCarthy
John Edward McCarthy ( born June 21 , 1930 ) is an American Roman Catholic bishop ; he was the third Roman Catholic bishop of the Diocese of Austin ( 1985-2001 ) .
Early life .
McCarthy was born in Houston , Texas , to George McCarthy and Grace O ' Brien McCarthy .
McCarthy graduated from St. Thomas High School in Houston , TX and earned a bachelor 's degree from the University of St. Thomas in Houston in 1956 .
He was also awarded a master 's degree in theology from the University of St. Thomas in 1979 .
Priest and bishop .
McCarthy was ordained to the priesthood May 25 , 1956 for the then Diocese of Galveston .
Rev. McCarthy was consecrated auxiliary bishop of the Diocese of Galveston-Houston on March 14 , 1979 .
After serving as Houston 's auxiliary bishop , he was appointed Bishop of Austin on December 24 , 1985 , and installed on February 26 , 1986 .
Bishop McCarthy , who had headed the Austin Diocese since 1985 , was granted his request to retire on Jan. 2 , 2001 .

Ward 7 , St. Louis City
Ward 7 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis , Missouri .
It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis The position of alderman for Ward 7 is currently vacant .
Ward 7 contains parts of many neighborhoods , including Kosciusko , Soulard , Benton Park , McKinley Heights , Fox Park , Compton Heights , Lafayette Square , Peabody / Darst/Webbe , LaSalle Park , Downtown , Downtown West , and Near North Riverfront .

Xcast
The explicit multi-unicast ( Xcast ) is a variation of multicast that supports a great number of multicast sessions with a small number of recipients in each .
It adds all the destination IP addresses in the IP header , instead of using a multicast address .
The traditional multicast schemes over Internet Protocol ( IP ) scale to multicast groups with many members , but they have scalability problems for a great number of groups .
Multicast schemes can be used to minimize the bandwidth consumption .
Xcast minimizes bandwidth consumption for small groups , by eliminating the signaling protocols and state information for every session of the standard IP multicast scheme .. Description .
In Xcast , the source node keeps all destinations of the multicast channel through which packets will be sent .
The source encodes the destinations list in the Xcast header and sends the packet to a router .
Each router looks in a routing table to determine the next hop of each packet , analyzes its header , parses the destination field basing on the following jump of every destination and copies the packets as many different paths as they need to follow .
After that , the router copies the packet with its correct Xcast header to every following jump .
On the last hop , there is no need to make a new copy , since there is just one address in the destination field .
The packet is treated just like a unicast packet , which is called Xcast to Unicast ( X2U ) .
The IP multicast standard was designed to scale to multicast groups with many members .
It works well when doing a distribution similar to broadcasting , but it has scalability problems to a large number of groups .
Multicast routing protocols keep routing tables that record multicast group addresses with members .
These tables might become large , that prompted alternative schemes to reduce the quantity of state information .
IP Multicast protocols announce a source or maintain routes between routers .
The cost of these protocols can be significant even then the size of each group is reduced .
Xcast follows philosophy that worked well to grow the Internet : keep the center of the network simple , and do the complicated operations on the sides .
An open source implementation was available from IBM starting in 2001 .
A MediaWiki - based web site ( English language , but registered in Japan ) indicates activity from 2004 through 2007 .
An informational specification was published by the Internet Engineering Task Force in November 2007 as RFC 5058 .
Disadvantages .
But on the other hand : Applications .
Xcast allows efficient applications such as VoIP , video conferencing , or collaborative meetings .
These applications could be done using just unicast , but in cases with limited bandwidth , the Xcast efficiency might be useful .
On the other hand , since Xcast does not scale to groups with many members , it can not substitute for all other multicast models .

Thomas Cusack ( bishop )
Thomas Francis Cusack ( February 22 , 1862 – July 12 , 1918 ) was an American clergyman of the Roman Catholic Church .
He served as Bishop of Albany from 1915 until his death in 1918 .
Biography .
Thomas Cusack was born in New York City to James and Honora ( née Boland ) Cusack .
His parents were Irish immigrants who came to the United States on their honeymoon .
His childhood was spent on the Lower East Side , and he made his early studies at the parochial school of .
He then attended St. Francis Xavier 's College , from where he graduated in 1880 .
His theological studies were made at St. Joseph 's Seminary in Troy , where Cusack was ordained to the priesthood on May 30 , 1885 .
His first assignment was to , where he remained until he was named pastor of in Rosendale in 1890 .
In 1897 , he resigned his pastorate to organize the Archdiocesan Mission Society , of which he was also made superior .
During the Spanish–American War , he served as chaplain at Camp Chickamauga in Georgia .
On March 11 , 1904 , Cusack was appointed auxiliary bishop of New York and titular bishop of " Themiscyra " by Pope Pius X .
He received his episcopal consecration on the following April 25 from Archbishop John Murphy Farley , with Bishops Charles H. Colton and James Augustine McFaul serving as co-consecrators , in St. Patrick 's Cathedral .
In addition to his episcopal duties , he served as pastor of from 1904 to 1915 .
Cusack was named the fifth Bishop of Albany by Pope Benedict XV on July 5 , 1915 .
He remained in this post for three years , when he died at the age of 56 .

Lobby Hero
Lobby Hero is a play by Kenneth Lonergan .
It premiered Off-Broadway in 2001 .
Production history .
" Lobby Hero " premiered Of - Broadway Playwrights Horizons , on March 13 , 2001 and closed on April 15 , 2001 , reopening at the John Houseman Theare on May 8 , 2001 and closing on September 2 , 2001 .
The cast featured Glenn Fitzgerald as Jeff , Dion Graham as William , Heather Burns as Dawn , and Tate Donovan as Bill , and was directed by Mark Brokaw .
The UK première was staged at the Donmar Warehouse , in previews on April 4 , opening April 10 and closing on May 4 , 2002 .
The cast included Gary McDonald ( William ) , Charlotte Randle ( Dawn ) , Dominic Rowan ( Bill ) , and David Tennant ( Jeff ) , and was again directed by Mark Brokaw .
This production transferred to the New Ambassadors Theatre from June 26 ( opening July 1 ) to August 10 , 2002 .
Plot summary .
The show follows a security guard in his late twenties , his strict supervisor , and an overbearing cop and his rookie female partner .
The show is set in a foyer of a middle-income Manhattan apartment building in the middle of the night .
Reviews .
Toby Young said in a review in " The Spectator " , " " Lobby Hero " is a fantastic play but I 'd be hard pushed to say why .
You can tell it 's good because , within about five minutes , any sense you have of being a member of the audience , sitting down and watching a group of actors perform on stage , has vanished ... In what amounts to an out-of-body experience , you 're totally absorbed in what 's going on ... Lonergan is particularly good , both here and in This Is Our Youth , at showing how good intentions can be undermined by unconscious desires .
Few of his characters are capable of resisting their own malignant impulses . "

Aeshna verticalis
Aeshna verticalis , the green-striped darner , is a species of dragonfly in the family Aeshnidae .
Found in northeastern United States and southern Ontario , Quebec , and New Brunswick .
Description .
Length 7.6cm ( 3 in ) .
Similar to " A. canadensis " but lateral thoracic stripes are all green .
Obtusely notched with wide dorsal posterior extension .
Some markings may be green in female .

Chiltan FM 88
Chiltan FM 88 is radio station serving Quetta / Mastung in Pakistan .
It is owned by Asman Radio Pvt. Ltd. and started test broadcasting from 24 October 2008 in Urdu , English and regional languages .
Chiltan FM88 began 24/7 transmission from March 2009 .
Its programming includes Pakistani pop as well as the Indian , UK and bhangra pop , latest film hits , ghazals , folk , international and regional hits for the listeners of all ages .
Competitions , phone - ins , sms - ins and valuable gifts are also offered .

Vasil Vasilev ( footballer born 1976 )
Vasil Vasilev ( ) ( born 15 July 1976 ) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for Malesh Mikrevo as a goalkeeper .
Vasilev previously played for Rodopa Smolyan in the A PFG .

Oklahoma Department of Mines
The Oklahoma Department of Mines ( ODOM ) is a department of the government of Oklahoma responsible for overseeing and regulating all surface and sub-surface mining activities in the State .
The Department is also responsible for the reclamation of land disturbed by mining operations .
The Department regulates the production of coal and non-fuel minerals in the State .
The Department is under the control of the Mining Commission .
The Commission is a nine-member board that serves as the governing body of the Department and is responsible for approving the Department 's budget , establishing policy and appointing the Director of the Department , who serves as the chief administrative officer of the Department .
The current Director of the Mining Department is Mary Ann Pritchard , who was appointed by the Commission in 1998 .
The Department of Mines was established in 1907 during the term of Governor of Oklahoma Charles Haskell .
Mining Commission .
The Oklahoma Legislature abolished the State Mining Board and replaced it with the Oklahoma Mining Commission in 1985 .
The Commission is a nine-member board that serves as the governing body of the Department and is responsible for approving the Department 's budget , establishing policy and appointing the Director of the Department .
The members of the Commission are appointed by the Governor of Oklahoma with the approval of the Oklahoma Senate .
All members serve seven year staggered terms .
The membership of the Commission consists of one person with experience in each of the following fields : engineering or geology , labor or worker 's safety , agriculture or soil conservation , transportation , economic development or banking , public utilities , natural resources , and two persons selected at large .

Ben Russell ( filmmaker )
Ben Russell ( born 1976 ) is an American experimental filmmaker .
Russell developed his reputation over the numerous shorts he made throughout the 2000s , many as part of his " Trypps " series , and as the curator of the Magic Lantern Cinema in Providence , Rhode Island .
In 2009 , he made his acclaimed feature debut , " Let Each One Go Where He May " , shot in Suriname in a series of 13 long takes accomplished with a Steadicam .
Biography .
Russell attended Brown University from 1994 to 1998 , where he received a BA in art and semiotics .
It was during his last year at Brown that Russell became interested in filmmaking , and shot his first film on 16mm .
Afterwards , Russell traveled to Suriname with the Peace Corps .
The experience inspired many of his films , and the country ended up as the setting for his first feature-length work , " Let Each One Go Where He May " .
Early in his career , Russell befriended the English experimental filmmaker Ben Rivers and the two would later co - program a touring series of their work .
In 2013 they collaborated on the feature film A Spell to Ward Off the Darkness .
He received an MFA in film and video from The School of the Art Institute of Chicago in 2003 .
Russell currently lives in Paris .
Until 2011 he was assistant professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago .
Style .
Russell 's work has been described as drawing on elements of ethnography , early cinema and Surrealism and some of his films have been compared to the work of the French documentary filmmaker Jean Rouch .

Dave Manby
David " Dave " Manby is a well known canoeist or kayaker from the UK and was a national champion in slalom canoeing C-1 .
He is considered a pioneer in the sport of canoeing and is probably best known for being involved on the British expedition of the first descent of the Dudh Kosi river .
Early life .
Dave was born to Michael and Eve ( née Levick ) Manby in Johannesburg , South Africa where his father was the headmaster of the junior school at St John 's College .
When he was 8 he moved with his family to Shrewsbury , England , where his father became the headmaster of Prestfelde School which he attended .
Later he attended Ellesmere College and it was here that he first learnt to canoe .
He also attended the University of Nottingham Dudh Kosi .
In 1976 , at the age of 21 , Dave was asked to join five other kayakers in a team of ten on the famous first descent of the Dudh Kosi , the river running off Mount Everest the trip leader was Mike Jones .
The team left in July and began the 7,500 mile drive in a Transit mini-bus to Kathmandu .
Once there a further 180 mile hike , with all the equipment including 10 kayaks , had to be undertaken to reach Everest Base Camp .
This was the starting point of the pioneering paddle which involved some of the hardest white water canoed to date .
Dave himself had one close call when his boat capsized and in the freezing water was unable to Eskimo roll .
Luckily the team managed to get him out of the river before it was too late .
The whole expedition was filmed by Leo Dickinson and was shown on British prime time television in boxing day 1976 .
The film itself won over 50 international awards , and has recently been remastered in Los Angeles and made into a DVD .
It was shown again in the UK on BBC 4 on January 8 , 2014 .
The river is extreme white water .
Normally it ca n't be used for water sports .
The first kayak trip was made 1976 by a British expedition under the leadership of Mike Jones .
After Everest .
Dave was involved in more first descent expeditions including the attempted 1978 K2 trip on the Braldu River ( Pakistan ) in which Mike Jones died while trying to save a companion .
Other expeditions include early descent of the Coruh River in Eastern Turkey and the Sezar , Dez and Bakhtiaria Rivers in the Zagros Mountains in Iran .
He has also written a book " Many Rivers to Run "

Demijohn Lake ( Ontario )
Demijohn Lake is a " J " - shaped lake in Thunder Bay District , Ontario , Canada .
It is about long and wide , and lies at an elevation of .
The primary inflow and outflow is the Whitesand River .

Dalian Aerbin F. C.
Dalian Aerbin Football Club ( ) is a professional Chinese football club that currently participates in the China League One division under licence from the Chinese Football Association ( CFA ) .
The team is based in Dalian , Liaoning and their home stadium is the 61,000 capacity Dalian Sports Center where they are owned by the Dalian Aerbin Group Co. Ltd. The club was founded in September 20 , 2009 by Dalian Aerbin Group Co. Ltd and started at the bottom of the Chinese football pyramid in the third tier .
After successive league title wins in the 2nd and 3rd tier professional football leagues , they were promoted to the top tier in 2012 Chinese Super League season where they would experience their highest ever placing of fifth in the same season .
History .
On September 20 , 2009 , Dalian Aerbin Group Co. Ltd. established a new professional football club and hired former Chinese international footballer Li Ming to become the club manager .
The club 's name Aerbin comes from the Manchu language meaning " a place with water " , which is also the name of a small town in Jinzhou District of Dalian where Dalian Aerbin Group Co. Ltd locates .
They would soon move into the Dalian University Stadium in the Dalian Development Area and bring in Chi Shangbin as their co-manager and Sun Xianlu as their Head coach .
Starting in the third tier league , the club made their debut in 2010 China League Two season .
The club brought in established top tier Chinese Super League players such as Guo Hui , Chang Lin and Yang Lin .
The quality of these players helped the club win their regional division section and later the league title over Tianjin Songjiang as the club won the championship .
The following season , the club hired its first foreign coach , a Bulgarian , Aleksandar Stankov .
Dalian Aerbin F. C. set up a surprising winning streak and won the 2011 China League One championship .
With its meteoric rise to the Super League , the club decided to use the 30,775 seater Jinzhou Stadium as its home stadium and shared it with their local rival Dalian Shide as well as signing a more experienced manager Chang Woe - Ryong who had previously succeeded in the Chinese Super League Qingdao Jonoon .
The club initially struggled in the league and the club brought in Aleksandar Stanojević as the head coach .
By July 11 , 2012 Dalian Aerbin would bring in a marquee player in Mali international Seydou Keita who departed on a free transfer from Barcelona F. C. to ensure their stay within the league .
Stanojevć managed the club successfully and Dalian Aerbin F. C. was actually the " champion " in the 2nd half of the league .
The club finally ranked 5th in 2012 .
On 30 November 2012 , Aerbin Group acquired the local rival Dalian Shide F. C. by taking on responsibility of their 330 million RMB debt .
In hopes of bringing in a harmonious merger of the two teams , former Dalian Shide manager Xu Hong was brought in for the start of the 2013 Chinese Super League .
However after only 63 days in charge he had to resign after the Chinese Football Association found that he manipulated a match while as a manager at Sichuan Guancheng and was given a 5 year suspension from all football activity , which forced Li Ming to start the season as their caretaker manager .
Current squad .
" As of 14 march 2015 " First team .
Results .
All-time League Rankings Key Notable players .
Had international caps for their respective countries .
Africa Asia Europe South America

Hanlon Ministry
The Hanlon Ministry was a ministry of the Government of Queensland and was led by Labor Premier Ned Hanlon .
It succeeded the Cooper Ministry on 7 March 1946 following Frank Cooper 's resignation from the Ministry .
The ministry was followed by the Gair Ministry on 17 January 1952 following Hanlon 's death in office two days earlier .
First ministry .
On 7 March 1946 , the Governor , Sir Leslie Orme Wilson , designated 10 principal executive offices of the Government , appointed Harold Collins to the Executive Council to fill the vacancy left by Cooper 's resignation , and appointed the following Members of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland to the Ministry as follows : Second ministry .
On 15 May 1947 , following the state election , the Governor , Sir John Lavarack , designated 10 principal executive offices of the Government , appointed William Power and Jack Duggan to the Executive Council to fill the vacancy left by Walsh 's loss of his parliamentary seat and Williams 's retirement , and appointed the following Members of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland to the Ministry as follows : Third ministry .
On 10 May 1950 , following the state election , the Governor , Sir John Lavarack , designated 10 principal executive offices of the Government , appointed Paul Hilton to the Executive Council to fill the vacancy left by Bruce 's loss of his parliamentary seat , and appointed the following Members of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland to the Ministry as follows .
The ministry lasted until 17 January 1952 , at which time the Gair Ministry was sworn in .

A. T. M. Abdul Mateen
Alhaj A. T. M. Abdul Mateen was born on 25 February 1925 at his ancestral home in the village of Aswinpur in Chandpur District ( earstwhile Comilla ) .
His father late Alhaj Mafizuddin Patwary was a famous political leader in the region and the President of Nayagaon Union Parishad for 30 years at a stretch .
After completion of his first Masters in Economics from Aligarh Muslim University in India , he married Begum Sharifunnesa , daughter of late Prof. A. U .
M. Waliullah on 20 May 1951 and became a father of eight children .
After struggling 9 months in New York hospitals , Mateen died of cardiac arrest at Long Island Hospital in New York , USA on 5 March 2001 .
Later his body was taken to Dhaka and buried in the family graveyard at Aswinpur village .
Professional career .
Assistant Professor 1950-1951 Country Director 1955-1964 Managing Director and Chairman 1960 - 2001 Political career & experience .
Mateen took part in Pakistan movement as member of All India Muslim Students Federation while studying in Aligarh Muslim University ( 1941–1947 ) .
Even though he was nominated by Muslim League for the 1970 parliament election , he decided not to contest and sacrificed his seat in favour of late Professor Hafez Habibur Rahman of Awami League from Matlab constituency .
He was elected Deputy Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan ( 1965–1969 ) .
He took oath as an acting President of Pakistan for a short time .
In 1969 , he organized Muslim League rebel group with 27 members of the Pakistan National Assembly to force President Ayub Khan to withdraw the controversial Agartala conspiracy case and release Sheikh Mujibur Rahman and other accused .
As a special envoy of President Ayub Khan , he visited many countries of Africa and Middle East , met kings and presidents .
On 15 August 1971 , he was arrested by Pakistan army for organizing a meeting with late Nurul Amin ( former prime minister ) .
The purpose of this meeting was to force Governor Yahya Khan to release Sheikh Mujibur Rahman from Rawalpindi jail and handover the power to him as the leader of the majority party to form the government .
He was the founder editor of Daily Millat ( a daily English newspaper ) during 1977-1984 .
He was the chairman of Movement for Democratic Bangladesh since June 1988 - March 2001 .
He was the chairman of Bangladesh Muslim Front , 1993-1996 .
Social services .
He was the founder and Honorary Director of the Islamic Academy , now known as the Islamic Foundation Bangladesh , from 1959 to 1962 .

Madam Butterfly ( album )
Madam Butterfly is the seventh album by American soul / R&B group Tavares , produced by Bobby Martin and released in 1979 on the Capitol label .
By this stage in the group 's career , they had become known as a disco act due to successful singles such as " Heaven Must Be Missing an Angel " , " Whodunit " and " More Than a Woman .
" Madam Butterfly " is however noted for its lack of anything approaching disco material , and as such is considered to be more akin in style to the group 's 1973-1975 albums than to their 1976-1978 Freddie Perren - produced output .
" Never Had a Love Like This Before " , one of several slow jams on the album , became a top 5 R&B hit and has subsequently become a quiet storm classic , while tracks such as " I 'm Back for More " are more funk - based than listeners had come to expect from Tavares .
" Madam Butterfly " performed respectably on the R&B chart , peaking at #13 , but failed to achieve substantial sales in the crossover market .
Its reputation has grown over the years and it is now considered among the group 's best .

Zukkoke Otoko Michi
is the sixth single released by the Japanese boyband Kanjani8 .
This single marked the change of labels from Teichiku Records to Imperial Records because the group 's sound hand changed from Enka to Pop .
" Zukkoke Otoko Michi " sound was of the disco / pop variety and unsuited for the label .

Pigmented spindle cell nevus
A pigmented spindle cell nevus ( also known as a " Pigmented spindle cell tumor of Reed , " and " Pigmented variant of Spitz nevus " ) is a cutaneous condition characterized by a dark brown to black macule or papule , usually less than 6 mm. It was characterized in 1975 .

WFEL-LP
WFEL-LP is a Full Service formatted broadcast radio station licensed to and serving Antioch , Illinois .
WFEL-LP is owned and operated by Faith Evangelical Lutheran Church .
Programming .
The station plays a mix of informational , religious , and entertainment programs along with a healthy dose of music from all genres , all family friendly in nature .
WFEL broadcasts two live shows durings the weekdays .
" America 's Gold Top 40 " and " Modern Mix " are aired in the afternoons and evenings respectively .
These shows are broadcast from the studios of WFEL .
WFEL plays a wide variety of Old-time radio programs each evening such as Fibber McGee and Molly , The Great Gildersleeve , Gunsmoke , The Lone Ranger , Casey , Crime Photographer , and The Whistler .
WFEL also broadcasts services , sermons and devotions of Faith Evangelical Lutheran Church live to the Antioch area .

Niphon
Niphon is the name of : can refer to :

Robert Daniell
Robert Daniell of Cardigan , Wales arrived in Charleston , South Carolina in 1669 as captain of the ship " The Daniell " .
In 1682 , he was commissioned as Major of the Goose Creek Men .
By 1691 , he was commissioned as a colonel for King William .
In 1702 Daniell led forces in James Moore 's expedition to St. Augustine , which unsuccessfully besieged the Castillo de San Marcos .
He later also led provincial forces in the 1711 Tuscarora War and the 1715 Yamasee War .
Daniell is best known for being governor of the British Province of North Carolina from 1703–05 , and governor of the British Province of South Carolina from 1716–17 .
Daniel Island in Charleston , of which he was an early owner , is named for him .

On Melissus , Xenophanes , and Gorgias
On Melissus , Xenophanes , and Gorgias ( , ) is a short work falsely attributed to Aristotle .
The work was likely written during the 1st century AD .
or later by a member of the peripatetic school .

Caloboletus rubripes
Caloboletus rubripes , commonly known as the red - stipe bolete or the red - stemmed bitter bolete , is a mushroom in the family Boletaceae .
It was known as " Boletus rubripes " until 2014 .
Fruit bodies ( mushrooms ) are robust , with caps up to in diameter , atop thick stipes long .
Mushrooms are non - toxic , but is so bitter as to be inedible .
The mushroom flesh has a very strong bluing reaction when cut or damaged .
and forms mycorrhizal relationships , primarily with conifers .
It can be differentiated from similar boletes by its cap color and non - reticulate stipe .
Taxonomy .
The species was first described scientifically by American mycologist Harry D. Thiers in 1965 , based on collections he made in Jackson State Forest , Mendocino County , California , in late October , 1962 .
It is commonly known as the " red-stipe bolete " or the red - stemmed bitter bolete .
It was transferred to " Caloboletus " by Italian mycologist Alfredo Vizzini in 2014 , following recent molecular studies that outlined a new phylogenetic framework for the Boletaceae .
Description .
The cap is convex to cushion - shaped , before flattening out in maturity , attaining diameters of .
The cap margin is rolled or curved inward and remains that way until maturity .
Its surface is dry , with a velvet - like to slightly hairy texture .
It often develops cracks in age .
The cap color is variable , ranging from buff to olive - buff to olive - brown; it stains brown when bruised or injured .
The flesh is whitish to pale yellow , and will quickly turn blue when cut or exposed to air .
The odor of the fruit body ranges from indistinct to unpleasant , and its taste is bitter .
The pore surface on the underside of the cap is initially yellow before turning olive - yellow in age ; it instantly turns blue when bruised .
The angular pores number about 1–3 per millimeter , and the tubes comprising the hymenophore are long .
The stem measures long by wide , and is either nearly equal in width throughout , or tapered slightly towards either end .
The stem is solid ( i.e. , not hollow ) , and has a dry surface with slight longitudinal grooves .
Its color is pinkish - red to purple-red except for a yellow region near the top and yellow mycelium at the base .
The stem lacks reticulation or an ring .
" Caloboletus rubripes " produces an olive - brown spore print .
Spores are somewhat spindle - shaped to somewhat cylindrical , smooth , and measure 12–18 by 4–5 μm .
The basidia ( spore - bearing cells ) are club shaped , four - spored , and measure 26–30 by 7–13 μm .
There are no clamp connections in the hyphae .
The mushrooms are inedible owing to the bitter taste .
They are used in mushroom dyeing to produce beige , light brown or light golden brown colors , depending on the mordant used .
Similar species .
Somewhat similar in appearance is " Caloboletus calopus " , which also has a red and yellow stipe , and a dry tan-colored cap .
However , unlike " C. rubripes " , it has a finely reticulate stipe .
" B. coniferarum " is distinguished from " C. rubripes " by its stem reticulation and by the absence of red coloration .
Habitat and distribution .
The fruit bodies grow on the ground singly , scattered , or in clusters .
They are usually found in coniferous forests , but also in association with oak .
Found in North America , the distribution includes the Pacific Northwest region of the US ( including Idaho ) , the southwestern US , and Mexico .
They are particularly common in New Mexico and Colorado .
Fruit bodies typically appear in the summer and fall .
Alexander Smith has noted that they often appear with " C. coniferarum " and " C. calopus " .

Sylvia Bacon
Sylvia Bacon ( July 9 , 1931 - ) was a judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia who was considered by both Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan as a potential nominee to the Supreme Court of the United States , at a time when no women had yet been appointed to the Court .
Early life and education .
Born in Watertown , South Dakota , Bacon attended Watertown High School , and received a B. A. in Economics from Vassar College after three years ( 1952 ) , a Graduate Certificate in Economics from the London School of Economics through a Rotary Fellowship ( 1953 ) , an LL.B. from Harvard Law School ( 1956 ) , and an LL.M. from the Georgetown University Law Center ( 1959 ) .
While at Vassar , she was an officer in the National Student Association .
From 1956 to 1957 , she was a law clerk to District Court judge Burnita Shelton Matthews .
Career .
She worked in various positions within the United States Department of Justice from 1956 to 1970 , during which time she " helped draft the District of Columbia 's controversial no-knock crime bill " , and " served under Ramsey Clark and helped draft legislation for court reform in the District of Columbia " .
She was appointed to the Superior Court of the District of Columbia in 1970 , serving until 1991 .
She was considered to be a nominee for the Supreme Court of the United States by both Presidents Reagan and Nixon .
Bacon is currently a " distinguished lecturer " on the faculty of the Catholic University of America , Columbus School of Law .

Ward 1 , St. Louis City
Ward 1 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis , Missouri .
It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis The current alderman for Ward 1 is Sharon Tyus .
Ward 1 contains parts of many neighborhoods , including Wells / Goodfellow , Kingsway West , Kingsway East , Penrose , Mark Twain , and Walnut Park East .

Barack Obama Academy of International Studies 6-12
The Barack Obama Academy of International Studies , also known as Pittsburgh Obama 6-12 , is a public school in the East Liberty neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
It is named in honor of the 44th and current President of the United States , Barack Obama .
Pittsburgh Obama is an International Baccalaureate school which was created when the Pittsburgh Public Schools combined Frick Middle School and Schenley High School .
As of the 2012-2013 school year , Pittsburgh Obama is located in the former Peabody High School building .
Before that , it was housed in the former Reizenstein Middle School building for three years .
Student body .
As of December 1 , 2012 :

Mr. Big ( American band )
Mr. Big is an American Hard rock band , formed in Los Angeles , California in 1988 .
The band is a quartet composed of Eric Martin ( lead vocals ) , Paul Gilbert ( guitar ) , Billy Sheehan ( bass guitar ) , and Pat Torpey ( drums ) ; The band is noted especially for their musicianship , and scored a number of hits .
Their songs were often marked by strong vocals and vocal harmonies .
Their hits include " To Be with You " ( a number one single in 15 countries in 1992 ) and " Just Take My Heart " .
Mr. Big have remained active and popular for over two decades , despite internal conflicts and changing music trends .
They broke up in 2002 , but after requests from fans , they reunited in 2009 ; their first tour was in Japan , in June 2009 .
To date , Mr. Big has released eight studio albums , the latest being " ... The Stories We Could Tell " ( 2014 ) .
The band takes its name from the song by Free , which was eventually covered by the band on their 1993 album , " Bump Ahead " .
History .
Formation ( 1988–1989 ) .
After bass player Billy Sheehan left David Lee Roth 's backing band in 1988 , he began piecing together a new band with the help of Mike Varney from Shrapnel Records , a label specialized in the shredding genre .
He recruited Eric Martin , of the rock-oriented Eric Martin Band and also soul - leaning solo artist , and soon thereafter added guitarist Gilbert and drummer Torpey .
Gilbert was already a well-respected guitarist who had released two albums with his Los Angeles-based band Racer X .
Torpey came to California from Arizona , and had previously recorded and toured with a number of high-profile artists , including Impellitteri , Stan Bush , Belinda Carlisle , Ted Nugent , The Knack and Jeff Paris ( who would later collaborate with Mr. Big in a songwriting capacity ) .
Breakthrough ( 1989–1997 ) .
The newly formed band hired Herbie Herbert , the former manager of Journey , Europe , and Santana , to be their manager .
By 1989 , they signed with Atlantic Records and released their self-titled debut the same year .
The record did not gain the band a mainstream rock audience stateside , but was a success in Japan .
In June 1990 , the group toured in America opening for Rush .
In August 1990 , two songs , " Strike Like Lightning " and " Shadows " , performed by Mr. Big were exclusively released on the soundtrack album of the action film " Navy SEALs " .
Mr. Big 's second album , 1991 's " Lean Into It " , was a major commercial breakthrough , especially two ballads , " To Be with You " ( number one song in fifteen countries ) and " Just Take My Heart " , as well as the song " Green-Tinted Sixties Mind " .
The cover features a picture of the train in the Montparnasse derailment .
They toured the UK in April and May 1991 and again in 1992 , releasing a live album , " Mr. Big Live " , in 1992 .
For three nights , they opened for Aerosmith at London 's Wembley Arena .
In 1993 , another ballad , a cover of Cat Stevens ' " Wild World " , ( from their third album , " Bump Ahead " ) peaked at No. 27 on the " Billboard " Hot 100 .
Although it is said that the band also contributed the soundtrack to the Sega Mega - CD release of " The Amazing Spider-Man vs. The Kingpin " , the songs actually featured Eric Martin with musicians hired by Sega .
They released " Hey Man " in 1996 .
The song " Take Cover " was included on the soundtrack to the cartoon series " Mega Man " .
Although the band never replicated its earlier success in the US market , their popularity continued to soar in Japan and in much of Asia .
They continued to sell out tours in the Asian market , resulting in a number of live releases for the Japanese market .
" Live At Budokan " was one of those live releases intended for the Japanese market only .
By the time that album appeared the group had been put on ice , as the individual band members became more engrossed in other projects ; the band temporarily broke up in 1997 .
Gilbert 's departure and new line-up ( 1997–2002 ) .
Gilbert left the band in 1997 , and eventually reformed Racer X .
Richie Kotzen , another Shrapnel artist and former guitarist for Poison , was brought in as a guitar player .
Two studio albums were released by this lineup : " Get Over It " in 2000 , and " Actual Size " in 2001 .
" Get Over It " was released on September 1999 , in Japan , and yielded the song " Superfantastic , " to a lukewarm audience response .
Mr. Big performed a twenty - date tour of Japan followed by a New Year 's Eve 1999 show with Aerosmith at the Osaka Dome in Osaka .
" Get Over It " was released in the US in March 2000 , followed by a short club stint at " Roxy " , California .
Several music videos for songs on " Get Over It " were recorded ( for " Electrified " and " Superfantastic " ) , however the director claimed rights to the music videos and the videos were never released .
In 2001 , Mr. Big released " Actual Size " in Asia .
The CD sat on the charts in the number three spot and " Shine " , the first single , was number one .
The song was also used as the ending theme for the anime series " Hellsing " .
However , tension had developed between Sheehan and the other members when Sheehan began touring with Steve Vai .
Martin , Kotzen , and Torpey decided to write songs without Sheehan , who was only given credit for two songs on " Actual Size " .
Martin and the others were also upset with Sheehan 's attitude during the recording of the " Shine " music video .
This was when Martin and the others decided the only way to keep moving forward was to fire Sheehan .
Without Sheehan and Gilbert , Mr. Big 's fan base shrank dramatically forcing Martin and the others to ask Sheehan if he would like to rejoin the band .
Although Sheehan was upset that the other members had attempted to " fire " him from the band he created , he agreed to rejoin the band only for the farewell tour .
Mr. Big disbanded in 2002 after a farewell tour .
Reunion and " What If ... " ( 2009–2013 ) .
A near Mr. Big " one-off " reunion took place on May 13 , 2008 , in Los Angeles at the House Of Blues when Paul Gilbert was joined on stage by Pat Torpey , Richie Kotzen and Billy Sheehan for renditions of Humble Pie 's ' 30 Days In The Hole ' and original Mr. Big composition ' Daddy , Brother , Lover , Little Boy ' .
Reportedly , the three had such an amazing time that they decided to contact Eric Martin a few days later , and a reunion of the four original members ( Paul , Eric , Pat , and Billy ) was put into motion .
On February 1 , 2009 , a radio announcement for " Koh Sakai ’s Burrn Presents : Heavy Metal Syndicate " contained a short message from Mr. Big , announcing the reunion of the original Mr. Big line-up to celebrate the twentieth anniversary of their début album .
A press conference in Japan in February generated much excitement , and a tour of the country starting in June was announced , with shows in ten locations ( including the Budokan ) .
They held their first reunion concert outside Japan at Rock Cafe in Tallinn , Estonia on September 2009 continuing their tour .
Warner Music Japan released remastered copies of their four studio albums , as well as a greatest hits CD and DVD .
There are two bonus studio songs on the album , new track " Next Time Around " , and a cover of Argent 's " Hold Your Head Up " .
Mr. Big toured India in October 2009 as part of the Reunion Tour , playing to huge crowds at Bangalore , Dimapur , and Shillong .
In September 2010 , Mr. Big recorded a seventh album with producer Kevin Shirley at a Los Angeles-area studio .
The album was released in Japan on December 15 , 2010 , in Europe on January 21 , 2011 and in the US in February 2011 .
" What If ... " is their first album of new material in nearly 10 years .
The band also toured in support of the album .
The tour to support the album kicked off at The House of Blues , in Hollywood , California on April 2 , 2011 and ended at Rockout Festival in Istanbul , Turkey on October 2011 .
The band also appeared at Download Festival on June 2011 .
As part of the album release , the group created a music video for the song " Undertow " .
Directed by Vicente and Fernando Cordero , it featured the band in an industrial park .
On May 10 , 2011 , Mr. Big performed at the Araneta Coliseum in Manila , Philippines .
The band performed most of the songs from " Lean Into It , " and introduced a couple of songs from " What If .
" Additionally the group toured the UK and Europe , with both Gilbert and Sheehan performing solos at the majority of shows .
On July 2011 , the lead track of their album " Bump Ahead " , " Colorado Bulldog " , was used as the ending theme for the first episode of " Kami-sama no Memo - chō " anime series .
" The Stories We Could Tell " ( 2014–present ) .
Mr. Big released their eighth studio album " The Stories We Could Tell " on September 30 , 2014 via Frontiers Records , produced by Pat Regan , who returns as producer for the first time since 1999 's " Get Over It " .
Due to Pat Torpey being diagnosed with parkinson 's disease , he could not play drums on the record , but worked with a drum programmer .
The band confirmed that Pat 's fill-in for the upcoming world tour will be Matt Starr , who is also the drummer for Ace Frehley ( KISS ) .

Baila Mi Ritmo
Baila Mi Ritmo is the second compilation album by Dutch singer Loona , which features songs from her previous albums " Lunita " , " Entre Dos Aguas " , previously unreleased ones appearing on her future album " Colors " and two remixes .

Geography of Queensland
The geography of Queensland in the north-east of Australia , is varied .
It includes tropical islands , sandy beaches , flat river plains that flood after monsoon rains , tracts of rough , elevated terrain , dry deserts , rich agricultural belts and densely populated urban areas .
The total land mass of Queensland covers 22.5 % of the Australian continent , an area of 1,730,648 square kilometres , making it the second largest state in the Commonwealth of Australia .
The total length of Queensland 's mainland coastline is with another of island coastline .
A unique geographical feature of the state is the Great Barrier Reef , an important tourist drawcard .
The Tropic of Capricorn crosses the state with about half of Queensland 's area located to the north of the line .
Border .
The far kunthapandi western boundary with the Northern Territory is aligned along the 138th meridian east until Poeppel Corner at the intersection of this meridian and the 26th parallel south .
It is here that Queensland borders South Australia .
The boundary follows this latitude until it reaches the 141st meridian east Haddon Corner where the border turns south reaching Cameron Corner on the 29th parallel south , the most western part of the border with New South Wales .
The border follows this latitude towards the coast at about the 154th meridian east before following the courses of a number of rivers , then across a number of mountain ranges until it reaches Point Danger .
These rivers are the Macintyre River , Severn River and Weir Rivers , all tributaries of the Barwon River itself a tributary of the Darling River .
Southern border towns include Mungindi , Goondiwindi and Texas .
Regions .
There are 9 major regions of Queensland .
These include South East Queensland , Darling Downs which includes the Granite Belt , Central Queensland encompassing the Mackay and Fitzroy regions , South West Queensland containing the Maranoa , Central West , Wide Bay – Burnett which includes the South Burnett , North Queensland , Gulf Country and Far North Queensland which includes the Atherton Tablelands .
The Darling Downs and South East Queensland regions were the first to be settled .
There are 15 bioregions found in Queensland , including Cape York Peninsula , Channel Country , Brigalow Belt and Mulga Lands .
Physical geography .
Islands .
Fraser Island , the largest sand island in the world lies off the coast of Queensland .
There are half of the world 's perched or dune lakes on Fraser Island .
These rare lakes , which total 80 of this type worldwide , are formed in depressions between sand dunes and have no natural inflow or outflow .
Magnetic Island , Heron island , Great Keppel Island , Hamilton Island and the Whitsunday Islands are known for their tourist resorts .
Mornington Island and Great Palm Island sustain large aboriginal communities .
In the Torres Strait Thursday Island is the administrative and commercial centre of the Torres Strait Islands .
Hinchinbrook Island , a large , mountainous island offshore from Cardwell , is completely preserved within the national park .
North West Island is a coral cay that sustains important nesting grounds for sea birds and turtles .
The islands of Bribie , Moreton , North Stradbroke and South Stradbroke are located in the south east corner of the state .
North Stradbroke Island is the second largest sand island in the world .
As Bribie Island is connected by a bridge over the Pumicestone Passage it is the most developed island in the region .
Bodies of water .
To the north west of Queensland is the Gulf of Carpentaria .
North of Cape York Peninsula is Torres Strait with many Torres Strait Islands , the most northerly of which is Boigu Island at the 10th parallel south .
To the east of Queensland lies the Coral Sea , part of the Pacific Ocean .
Major bays along the coast include Princess Charlotte Bay , Shoalwater Bay north of Yeppoon , Hervey Bay between Fraser Island and the mainland , Trinity Bay off Cairns and Moreton Bay off Brisbane .
The Great Sandy Strait is a passage extending south of Hervey Bay , between the mainland and Fraser Island .
Beaches on the Gold Coast and the Sunshine Coast are long and sandy , attracting tourists including surfers .
Further north the waves are dampened by the barrier reefs .
Queensland 's largest dam is the Burdekin Dam , followed by Lake Awoonga .
There are no large natural lakes in the state .
There are a few natural lakes created by volcanic craters and coastal lagoons mainly in South East Queensland .
The lakes in the arid and semi-arid regions of Queensland experience low , highly variable rates of rainfall together with very high evaporation rates .
Rivers .
Queensland contains hundreds of rivers and many more smaller creeks .
The discharge from these rivers , particularly in the tropical north of the state , accounts for 45 % of the nation 's surface runoff .
Major coastal rivers include the Mitchell River , Fitzroy River , Mary River and Brisbane River with the Flinders River being the longest at .
Inland are the northern tributaries of the Murry River including the Maranoa River , Warrego River and Condamine River .
Rivers of the Lake Eyre Basin include Cooper Creek with its two major tributaries Thomson River and the Barcoo River as well as the Georgina River .
The Wenlock River contains the highest diversity of freshwater fish of all Australian rivers .
Barron Falls in the north of the state is one of the most striking .
During heavy rains the landscape is transformed into a gushing torrent .
Similarly Purlingbrook Falls in the Gold Coast Hinterland is most spectacular after strong downpours .
Wallaman Falls west of Ingham in North Queensland is Australia 's largest single drop waterfall .
Other notable waterfalls include Milla Milla Falls , Purlingbrook Falls and Coomera Falls .
Some of Queensland 's towns are located on relatively flat land on the banks of rivers .
During severe floods , such as the 2010 Queensland floods , numerous towns are inundated as flood waters rise .
Levees have alleviated some minor flooding but after prolonged periods of heavy rainfall the sheer volume of flood waters cannot be held back .
Disruptions from flooding have become accepted in inland towns like Charleville and to a lesser degree in coastal towns such as Gympie .
Mountains and ranges .
Eastern Queensland is dominated by the Great Dividing Range in contrast to the low - relief of western areas .
East of the Great Dividing Range is a narrow coastal strip , known as the Australian north-east coast drainage division which contains most of the state 's population .
It is along this strip that the state 's most important agricultural product , sugar cane , is grown in the fertile soils and moist climate .
Other elevated areas include eastern parts of the Barkly Tableland , Atherton Tablelands , Central Highlands containing Carnarvon Gorge and the Granite Belt , Queensland 's primary wine-producing region .
The Bunya Mountains an isolated spur of the Great Divide are especially scenic and provide important habitat in a region that has suffered from excess land clearing .
Closer to the coast is the Glasshouse Mountains , a series of volcanic plugs which were named by the explorer Captain James Cook .
Another natural wonder is the series of mountain ranges in South East Queensland known as the Scenic Rim .
The highest mountains in the state are Mount Bartle Frere at , Mount Bellenden Ker at , Mount Superbus at , at Mount Barney and Thornton Peak reaching above sea level .
Climate .
The coastal strip , east of the Great Dividing Range , has a moist , warm temperate climate .
West of the range both the minimum temperatures and rainfall rates decrease while the days are hotter .
In the north of the state there is a monsoon season .
Tropical cyclones cross the coast regularly , sometimes providing good rainfall inland .
Mount Bellenden Ker has recorded Australia 's highest annual rainfall , and has Australia 's highest median annual rainfall of .
The highest daily rainfall total was 907.0 mm at Crohamhurst on 3 February 1893 .
The highest temperature recorded in the state was 49.5 ° C in Birdsville on 24 December 1972 .
The lowest temperature ever recorded in the state was -10.6 ° C in Stanthorpe on 23 June 1961 .
Much of western Queensland is arid , with some desert areas .
The Sturt Stony Desert , Strzelecki Desert and the Simpson Desert are partially located in Queensland .
Drought has had a significant impact on Queensland rural communities , both socially and economically .
Human geography .
The east coast of Australia , including what is now known as Queensland was first explored by James Cook but for thousands of years before it was occupied by Indigenous Australians .
The capital of Queensland is Brisbane .
Queensland uses the Australian Eastern Standard Time Zone , but does not adjust in summer for daylight saving .
Mining and agriculture , particularly sugar cane harvesting , are the state 's main industries .
The Great Artesian Basin is an important water source for the state .
Through the drilling of bores it has allowed a sheep and cattle industry to thrive in the arid Mitchell grass , Mulga and Spinifex plains in western and central regions .
Significant man-made features include the Dingo Fence , an extensive rail network and numerous highways .
Population .
The population of Queensland at the end of June 2009 was 4,406,800 ranking it as the third most populous state .
Most of Queensland 's current population growth is driven by migration from New Zealand .
By 2042 the population of Queensland is expected to reach 7 million people .
Queensland has Australia 's second largest aborigine population .
However if growth rates continue , the population of indigenous Australians in Queensland will surpass New South Wales by the time of the next census .
Cities and towns .
Queensland 's capital city , Brisbane is located in the most populous region South East Queensland .
Also located here is the Gold Coast , Ipswich , Logan , Redcliffe City and Toowoomba the largest inland city in Australia is located 120 km west of Brisbane on the Darling Downs as well as Warwick .
Townsville is the largest city in the state 's north .
Other cities in the north of the state include Mount Isa a mining town , Charters Towers , Mackay , the country 's biggest exporter of sugar and one of the largest coal exporters in the country and Cairns .
In the central regions of the state are the cities of Rockhampton , Bundaberg , Gladstone with its economically important coal exporting port facilities , Maryborough and Hervey Bay .
The largest ports in Queensland are the Port of Gladstone , followed by the Port of Brisbane and then the Port of Townsville .
Some Queensland towns and settlements are known as aboriginal communities .
Palm Island and Cherbourg are two of the more well-known examples .
Transport .
Rail networks extend along the eastern coast from the Gold Coast to Kuranda .
Major branch lines extend inland to Longreach and Charleville and Mount Isa .
The Pacific Highway links Brisbane and Sydney along the coast while the New England links the cities inland .
The Newell Highway connects Goondiwindi to the southern states via central New South Wales .
The Bruce Highway , which travels along the coast from Brisbane to Townsville , has sections near Gympie which were described in a 2006 report as some of the worst national highway in Australia .
Protected areas .
Queensland contains significant areas of rainforest and other areas of biological diversity .
World Heritage Areas include the Great Barrier Reef , Wet Tropics of Queensland and Gondwana Rainforests of Australia .
Queensland has 226 national parks .
The largest is Simpson Desert National Park in the remote central west of the state .
The most visited national parks in South East Queensland are Tamborine National Park , Lamington National Park and Noosa National Park .
These parks are located near centres of major population and are the most accessible in the state .
Lamington and other parks around the Scenic Rim such as Main Range National Park , are included in the World Heritage listed Gondwana Rainforests of Australia .
Further afield is the Carnarvon National Park in Central Queensland containing rugged gorge country and some of Australia 's finest Aboriginal rock art .
In the north of the state are Boodjamulla National Park including Riversleigh , Barron Gorge National Park and Daintree National Park where the Wet Tropics of Queensland meets the Great Barrier Reef .
Some waterways are protected in three state marine parks .
These are the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park , Great Sandy Marine Park and Moreton Bay Marine Park .

Cyprus Port and Marine Police
The Cyprus Port & Marine Police ( , ) is the marine police and the civilian Coast Guard wing of the Cyprus Police , and are tasked with the primary mission of law enforcement of the waters around , and control of the sea borders of the Republic of Cyprus .
Main roles are reported to include law enforcement of illicit activities such as smuggling , terrorism , piracy and illegal fishing .
The Cyprus Port and Marine Police also serve a role as a search and rescue ( SAR ) force .
This force is equipped with patrol boats and radars .
Cyprus Marine Police boats are notable by the " PV - " ( Patrol Vessel ) and " PL - " ( Patrol Launch ) prefixes on their pennant numbers , painted on the side of the hull .
A Brief History .
In 1956 a special committee , set up by the then British Colonial Government for the re-organisation of Cyprus Police , included in its report a proposal for the establishment of a Port and Marine Police in Cyprus .
The new Service was set up the following year equipped with seven boats .
It operated as an independent Police Division with its headquarters at Famagusta and 2 permanent stations in Limassol and Larnaca .
It also had a sub-station in Kyrenia which operated during the summer .
In 1960 , with the establishment of the independent Republic of Cyprus , the Port and Marine Police became a branch of the Police and the Gendarmerie .
The Turkish invasion of 1974 was a great blow for the Port and Marine Police as its installations at Famagusta Port were destroyed and five out of its seven boats were seized by the Turkish Army .
After this great loss it continued to operate but only with two boats at its stations in Larnaca and Limassol .
Its headquarters were transferred from Famagusta to the old port of Limassol .
Developments Since 1974 .
In 1981-83 , two Plascoa launches were acquired from France , equipped with 1 20mm Oerlikon L70 cannon , one 12.7mm and two 7.62mm machine guns .
One of them was deleted from the service in 1991 , another in 2000-2004 .
In 1986 , six local build Astrapi V ( Fletcher Malibu ) small Speed Boats .
Later ( circa 2004-2006 ) replaced by NOVAMARINE R. I. B. boats .
In 1991 , two FAC-23 patrol vessels were acquired from Yugoslavia , initially equipped with 1 20mm .90cal cannon and two 7.62mm machine guns , later replaced by 3 12.7 mm machine guns .
In 1992 , five SAB-12 launches were transferred from Germany to Cyprus , without armament .
In 1998 , a single Shaldag patrol vessel was acquired from Israel , initially equipped with 1 20mm .90cal cannon and two 12.7mm machine guns , later replaced by 3 12.7 mm machine guns .
In 2004 , Cyprus took delivery of two FPB 30M ( P-190 ) class patrol vessels from Cantierre Navale Vittoria .
These were initially equipped with 1 12.7 mm and 2 7.62mm machine guns ( on the forecastle , later also replaced with 12.7 mm machine guns ) .
In 2010 , according to local press , Port and Marine Police fleet planning to receive 2 more patrol boats ( Length - approx .
15 -16 meter , Width - 4–5 meters , Speed - not less than 43 knots ) .
In 2013 , according to local press , the Port and Marine Police acquired two new police boats , that were purchased from Greece , as part of the cross-border cooperation program between the two countries .
The two boats were purchased for €60m and are equipped with portable thermal scopes and other sophisticated equipment to combat various forms of organised cross-border crime such as illegal immigration and the smuggling of drugs and weapons in the area .
The €48m of the total cost of the program has been funded by the EU .
Administration .
Headquartered in Limassol the Port and Marine Police is administered by its Commander and Assistant Commanders .
The Commander has both administrative and operational responsibility and is accountable to the Chief of Police through the Assistant Chief of Support .
The Port and Marine Police includes the following offices : Message Control Centre , Registry , Stores , Accounts Office , Security Office and Operations Office .
Stations .
The Port and Marine Police is made up of the following stations : Cyprus Port and Marine Police Fleet since 1980 .
The Port and Marine Police Fleet at present is made up of 16 boats which can be divided into three categories according to their size , construction , capability and mission .
The three categories are :

Indonesia at the 2009 Southeast Asian Games
Indonesia participated in the 2009 Southeast Asian Games in the city of Vientiane , Laos from 9 December 2009 to 18 December 2009 .

Simon Monjack
Simon Mark Monjack ( 9 March 1970 – 23 May 2010 ) was a British screenwriter , film director , film producer and make-up artist .
He was the husband of American actress Brittany Murphy .
Early life .
Simon was born in Hillingdon , Middlesex , to a Jewish family .
He grew up in Bourne End , Buckinghamshire .
He attended Juniper Hill School , Flackwell Heath , then Royal Grammar School , High Wycombe .
When he was 15 , his father , William ( 1949–1986 ) , died of a brain tumour in Oxfordshire .
His mother Linda ( née Hall ) , a hypnotherapist , lives in Bourne End .
Career .
Monjack directed , produced , and wrote the B-movie " Two Days , Nine Lives " in 2000 .
He received story credit for the 2006 biographical film " Factory Girl " about Warhol actress / model Edie Sedgwick .
Director George Hickenlooper contended that " Monjack had nothing to do with " Factory Girl " " and that " he filed a frivolous lawsuit against us [ ... ] making bogus claims that we had stolen his script .
He held us literally hostage and we were forced to settle with him as he held our production over a barrel .
" Monjack denied these claims .
In 2007 , " E !
News " reported that Monjack was slated to direct a film adaptation of D. M. Thomas 's novel about Sigmund Freud , " The White Hotel " , with Brittany Murphy cast in a leading role .
Personal life .
Marriages .
Monjack married Simone Bienne in Las Vegas in November 2001 ; they separated five months later , and were divorced in 2006 .
That year , he met actress Brittany Murphy ( although he claimed to have met her when she was a teenager and stayed in touch ) .
In April 2007 , they married in a private Jewish ceremony at their Los Angeles home .
The couple did not announce their engagement beforehand and rarely made public appearances together before their marriage .
On 20 December 2009 , Murphy died after collapsing in their bathroom .
The cause was later revealed to be pneumonia , with secondary factors of iron-deficiency anemia and multiple prescription drug intoxication .
Legal issues .
In 2005 , warrants were issued for Monjack 's arrest in Virginia on charges of credit card fraud , but the charges were later dropped .
In 2006 , Coutts Bank successfully sued Monjack , who had been evicted from four homes , for $ 470,000 .
In February 2007 , Monjack was arrested and spent nine days in jail , facing deportation , because his visa to the United States had expired .
Death .
In January 2010 , Monjack 's mother , Linda Monjack , told " People " that her son was " unwell , and the doctors are carrying out tests .
On whether he has a heart problem , it is not really for me to say , you must ask him , but yes , there have been health problems in the past .
I believe it 's common knowledge , and it 's been in the press that he had a slight heart attack a week before Brittany 's death .
" Monjack was found dead on 23 May 2010 in his house in Hollywood , according to the Los Angeles County coroner 's office .
Law enforcement sources say the Los Angeles Fire Department was called there for a medical emergency after Murphy 's mother , Sharon , found Monjack unconscious in the master bedroom around 9:20 pm , and then called 911 .
Paramedics arrived ; Monjack was pronounced dead at 9:45 pm after suffering a fatal myocardial infarction .
The coroner 's report found the cause of Monjack 's death to be acute pneumonia and severe anemia , similar to the causes attributed to his wife 's death five months earlier in the same house .
He was buried next to Murphy at Forest Lawn cemetery in the Hollywood Hills .

Hôpital-Général de Québec
The Hôpital-Général de Québec is a Canadian medical facility located in the tiny municipality of Notre - Dame - des - Anges , Quebec ( which consists solely of the hospital ) , surrounded by the La Cité-Limoilou borough of Quebec City .
It was classified as an historic site in 1977 by the Quebec government .
Additionally , an archeological site listed on the " Inventaire des sites archéologiques du Québec " ( Register of archeological sites of Quebec ) is located there .
The central portion of the hospital cemetery , where over 1,000 French and British soldiers who died in the battles of the Plains of Abraham and Sainte-Foy are interred , is a National Historic Site of Canada .
General Louis - Joseph de Montcalm is buried at the cemetery .
History .
The hospital was founded in 1692 by Jean-Baptiste de Saint - Vallier , the second Bishop of Quebec .
He had just acquired the Friary of Our Lady of the Angels ( " Notre - Dame - des - Anges " ) from the Recollect Friars Minor , who then relocated to the Place d' Armes within the town .
The bishop had the friary building converted for use as a hospital , to care for the poor of the region .
The following year , Saint - Vallier requested that the Canonesses of St. Augustine of the Mercy of Jesus , who had founded the Hôtel-Dieu de Québec , send some of its members to Notre - Dame - des - Anges to help in the running of the hospital .
In response , four canonesses arrived to take up this work .
In 1698 the bishop entrusted the institution completely to the canonesses of the Hôtel-Dieu .
The community of the canonesses operating the General Hospital formed an independent monastery in 1701 .
Over time , the hospital began to specialize in the chronic care of the aged and poor .
Current status .
The Hôpital-Général now serves as a long-term care home for elderly people suffering from cognitive deficits , under the name " Centre d' hébergement Hôpital général de Québec .
" It is operated by the " Centre de santé et de services sociaux de la Vieille-Capitale " , the area 's health and social services agency .
The building includes a museum , which houses many works of art from the 17th and 18th centuries done by local artists .
Prominent among them is the work of a member of the community , Mother Marie - Madeleine de Saint-Louis Maufils , O.S. A. ( 1671-1702 ) , who developed a unique style in painting scenes of the city , and who died from nursing victims of an outbreak of smallpox in the region .
The remains of Bishop Saint - Valliers are entombed in the monastery chapel , built by the Recollect friars in 1671 .

Blah Blah Blah ( Kesha song )
" Blah Blah Blah " is a song by American recording artist Kesha from her debut album , " Animal " ( 2010 ) .
Produced by Benny Blanco , and co-written by Kesha , Blanco , Neon Hitch and Sean Foreman , it was released as the album 's second single on February 19 , 2010 , and features 3OH !
3 .
Initial writing of the song took place when Kesha , Blanco , Hitch and Foreman were discussing which sex talked more and which one was more " obnoxious .
" The song is a midtempo electropop song that speaks of men in the same way that they have talked about women in the music industry .
The lyrics depict a woman who would rather have sex than listen to a man speak and features blatant come-ons throughout the song .
Critical reception of the song has been mixed .
The song 's lyrics were met with mixed reaction by critics , some felt that Kesha 's vocal delivery was effective and brash , while other critics dismissed them as trashy .
A common complaint amongst critics was the appearance of 3OH !
3 stating it was " superfluous " .
The single achieved commercial success by reaching the top five in Australia and Canada , whilst charting within the top ten in the United States and New Zealand .
The song became Kesha 's second top ten single in Australia , Canada and the United States .
It has gone on to sell over two million copies in the United States as well as being certified two times platinum in Canada .
The music video for " Blah Blah Blah " was directed by Brendan Malloy .
The video follows similar suit to the song 's lyrics .
It depicts Kesha getting hit on by a variety of different men and she continually rejects them .
Kesha and 3OH !
3 performed the song on ninth season of " American Idol " to promote the single .
Writing and inspiration .
" Blah Blah Blah " was written by Kesha alongside Neon Hitch , Sean Foreman and Benny Blanco who also produced the song .
Kesha said that the song originated from a discussion they had in the studio on the politics of female - male relationships which Kesha later explained , " The song came about when the people that wrote it — me , Benny Blanco , Neon Hitch and [ 3OH !
3 's ] Sean Foreman — all got in a room , and they were talking about how chicks talk too much , " [ ... ] " And me and Neon were like , ' No , no , no , guys talk too much , " [ ... ] " So , we had this war of who were more obnoxious , chicks or dudes .
And the song kind of came around from that conversation .
I think I make a pretty fair point both in this video and in the song , that dudes are way more annoying .
" Composition .
" Blah Blah Blah " is a midtempo electropop and dance song ; the song utilizes synthesizers and drum machines in its production .
According to sheet music published at Musicnotes.com by Kobalt Music Publishing , the single is set in compound time with a moderate beat rate of 120 beats per minute .
It is written in the key of D minor and Kesha 's vocal range in the song spans from the note of D3 to the note of D5 .
The breakdown is set in the key of A minor .
Lyrically , " Blah Blah Blah " depicts a woman who would rather have sex than listen to a man speak as the singer finds talkative men annoying ; blatant come-ons such as " show me where your dick 's at " and " I wanna be naked " leave this literal meaning unambiguous .
Kesha herself has been frank about this straightforward interpretation of the lyrics .
The lyrics have been interpreted as a shot at the way men objectify women by speaking about them the way that they do in the music industry .
" Andrew Burgess of MusicOMH felt that the line " I do n't really care where you live at , just turn around boy , let me hit that .
Do n't be a little bitch with your chit - chat; just show me where your dick 's at " was a way of belittling her male peers .
Fraser McAlpine of BBC noted that it was cultural progress that a woman can now " sing a song [ ... ] as dirty [ ... ] as her male peers " .
Critical reception .
" Blah Blah Blah " received mixed reviews from most music critics .
Fraser McAlpine of the BBC was impressed with the song saying " it 's a sign of cultural progress that a modern pop lass can sing a song which is exactly as dirty as the kind of song her male peers would risk .
" He compared Kesha 's vocal delivery to that of Eminem , he also compared the hook , " you tah - tah - tawkin ' that Blah Blah Blah " to " Bad Romance " by Lady Gaga , stating that the song was a " rural , farm - girl spin " of it .
Jim Farber of the New York " Daily News " stated that the track " could become the ' whatever ' anthem of the season .
" It was described by the " Winnipeg Free Press " as a " hard pop - hop cut with pogo - worthy beats .
" Daniel Brockman of " The Phoenix " thought that Kesha " intone [ d ] in a lusty , disturbingly carefree tone " on the song .
Ann Powers of the " Los Angeles Times " said that " Blah Blah Blah " was one of those " moments on " Animal " that are nearly as experimental as an Animal Collective record , but instead of some wistful , Brian Wilson - loving artiste at the song 's center , there 's this girl , rolling her eyes and snapping her gum .
" Melanie Bertoldi from " Billboard " magazine also thought that the verse by 3OH !
3 " severely slow [ ed ] down the momentum and never quite gel [ ed ] with Kesha 's catty , aggressive delivery , " but praised the song for its " danceability " .
Andrew Burgess of MusicOMH said that while " 3OH !
3 makes a lame attempt to assert the case for male equality [ on the song ] , Kesha comes off as so infectiously dominating , it 's hard to take [ 3OH !
3 ] seriously .
" Mayer Nissim of Digital Spy gave the song two out of five stars , stating that it was not as catchy as her debut , slamming the lyrics for being " thick " and adding that she failed to deliver on many lines , calling them " faux-outrageous , faux - feminist trash " .
Melinda Newman of HitFix criticized the song , calling 3OH !
3 " slumming " and " wretched .
" Chart performance .
In the United States , " Blah Blah Blah " debuted on the " Billboard " Hot 100 at position seven , and on the Hot Digital Songs chart at number two , selling a total of 206,000 downloads , both chartings would become the songs ' peaks .
On " Billboard 's " Pop chart , the song reached a peak of eleven .
The song has received Platinum certification by the Recording Industry Association of America for sales of 1,000,000 units and as of February 2011 , the song has sold more than two million digital copies in the United States alone .
as of June 2011 , the song has sold 2,132,000 copies in the United States .
In Canada , " Blah Blah Blah " debuted on the Canadian Hot 100 at position three , which became its peak .
In March 2010 the single was certified double platinum by the Canadian Recording Industry Association ( CRIA ) for sales of 160,000 units .
In Australia , " Blah Blah Blah " entered the Australian chart at position seven on the week of January 24 , 2010 .
The following week the song moved to position four , where it held the spot for three consecutive weeks .
On the song 's fifth week on the chart , it reached its peak at position three where it held the spot for one week .
The song was certified platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association ( ARIA ) for sales of 70,000 units .
In New Zealand , the song debuted and peaked at position seven .
It later went on to receive gold certification by the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand ( RIANZ ) for sales of 7,500 units .
" Blah Blah Blah " made its debut onto the UK Singles Chart at number eleven on the issue dated February 7 , 2010 with sales of 27,161 .
Music video .
The music video for the song was directed by Brendan Malloy .
It premiered on February 23 , 2010 , on Vevo .
Both members of 3OH !
3 make an appearance in the video .
Kesha told MTV that the video primarily involves men ( described as " douchey " ) hitting on Kesha , while she declines their advances .
" At one point , " Kesha says " I get to be strapped to this harness and bouncing around everywhere , and it was really cool [ ... ] The whole concept of the video was a bunch of douche - y guys macking on me as usual , and me making them eat their toupees or other various items " .
Melanie Bertoldi of " Billboard " said that the clip was " thoroughly entertaining " .
In the first scene , outside of a club , Kesha is hit on by comedian Bret Ernst .
He tries to convince Kesha that they would make a good couple , meanwhile Kesha texts someone , describing the man as a " major douchemaster " .
The next scene has Kesha at a bar playing pool near a man , where she duct - tapes him , later pulling down his pants , after describing him as a " tool bag " in a text message .
In an arcade , Kesha pushes a man away who is making conversation with her .
The third suitor attempts to serenade Kesha with a guitar , to which Kesha replies by stuffing paper in his mouth .
In the final sequence , a man tries to talk to Kesha in a bowling alley .
She loses interest when his toupée falls off his head and she shoves the hairpiece into his mouth , in vein of the previous arcade scene .
The video ends with Kesha and 3OH !
3 singing and dancing together in the bowling lanes .
Live performances .
The song was first performed live for " MTV Push " , a program broadcast by MTV Networks worldwide .
It was also performed on January 18 , 2010 , at " MuchOnDemand " , broadcast on Canadian cable music channel , MuchMusic .
Kesha performed for the first time a heavily censored version of the song on the ninth season of " American Idol " with 3OH !
3 on March 17 , 2010 .
In the United Kingdom , Kesha made two appearances to perform the song .
The first was on February 18 , 2010 , " " .
It was followed by a performance on breakfast television show GMTV , on February 19 .
She also performed the song in a set for BBC Radio 1 's Big Weekend , as well as " Willkommen Bei Mario Barth Live " in Germany and " So You Think You Can Dance " in Australia .
Credits and personnel . Source

Extraskeletal chondroma
Extraskeletal chondroma ( also known as " Chondroma of soft parts " ) is a cutaneous condition , a rare benign tumor of mature cartilage .

Pauma Band of Luiseno Mission Indians
The Pauma Band of Luiseno Mission Indians of the Pauma and Yuima Reservation is a federally recognized tribe of Luiseño Indians in San Diego County , California .
A total of five other federally recognized tribes of Luiseño are located in southern California .
Government .
The Pauma Band is headquartered in Pauma Valley , California .
The tribe is governed by a democratically elected four-person council .
The current tribal administration is as follows .
Reservation .
The Pauma and Yuima Reservation ( ) , also known as the Pauma Indian Reservation , is a federal Indian reservation located in the northeastern corner of San Diego County .
The reservation is in size .
The Pauma and Yuima Reservation was established in 1872 .
The main Pauma reservation and tribal headquarters are located in the Pauma Valley below Palomar Mountain .
Two small and unpopulated tracts of land make up the Yuima reservation , in the foothills of the Palomar Mountains east of the main reservation .
The adjoining Pala Indian Reservation lies along the western border .
The closest community is Valley Center , lying southwest of the reservations .
Economic development .
The Pauma Band of Luiseño Mission Indians owns and operates Casino Pauma , Pauma Bay Café , Casino Pauma Deli , Red Parrot Pizza , and the Red Parrot Lounge , all located in Pauma Valley .
Revenues from gaming are used to support health , welfare and education of their people , as well as for infrastructure .

La Costa WCT
The La Costa WCT was a men 's tennis tournament played in La Costa , California from 1973-1977 .
The event was part of the WCT Tour and was played on outdoor hard courts .

Capnomancy
Capnomancy ( otherwise known as " libanomancy " ) signifies a method of divination using smoke .
This is done by looking at the movements of the smoke after a fire has been made .
A thin , straight plume of smoke is thought to indicate a good omen whereas the opposite is thought of large plumes of smoke .
If the smoke touches the ground , this is thought to be a sign that immediate action must be taken to avoid catastrophe .
Etymology .
" Capnomancy " comes from two Greek words : καπνός ( " kapnós " ) , meaning smoke , and μαντεία ( " manteía " ) , meaning divination or to see .
History .
The first recorded use of capnomancy was in ancient Babylonia where the ceremony was performed at religious dates throughout the year using cedar branches or shavings .
In Ancient Greece priests would burn animal sacrifices and then perform Capnomancy over the smoke produced by the fire .
The Celts were thought to practice " dendromancy " , a form of capnomancy , using oak and mistletoe branches .
It was also used by the Semang of Malaysia , who would use the ritual to determine whether a camp was safe for the night .
There is reference made to the practice in both 17th and 19th century religious texts , although these do not describe how the practice was performed .
Modern usage .
Capnomancy has been reportedly used as late as 2003 in New England , where citizens would practice the ritual by using smoke plumes from chimneys .
Other modern variations of the ritual involve burning cedar sticks , incense or candles with ribbons tied around them .
Hands are sometimes used to manipulate the smoke with practitioners reading the shapes that are then produced .

Made for Each Other ( 2009 film )
Made for Each Other is a 2009 romantic comedy , which was released straight to DVD .
This is the first film in which both of the Masterson brothers have featured .
Plot .
Dan ( Christopher Masterson ) has a problem ; he 's been married to the beautiful Marcie ( Bijou Phillips ) for three months , but they still have n't consummated their union .
When Dan 's sex-crazed boss Catherine ( Lauren German ) comes on to him during a marathon work session , he crumbles under temptation .
Immediately regretting his actions but unable to simply admit his indiscretion , Dan schemes with his best pal Mike ( Samm Levine ) to get Marcie to wander astray , too .
If Dan is n't the only one who cheated , he and Mike surmise , then Marcie ca n't be mad at him for doing so .
But hatching the plan is one thing , and finding a guy who 's willing to go along with his plan is an altogether different challenge .
Later , as the plan finally starts to come together , Dan discovers the truth about why Marcie has yet to sleep with him , and comes to realize that they may actually be the perfect couple after all .

Henry George Thomas Perry
Henry George Thomas " Harry " Perry ( March 18 , 1889 – December 26 , 1959 ) was an English-born real estate and insurance broker , journalist and political figure in British Columbia , Canada .
He represented Fort George in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 1920 to 1928 and from 1933 to 1945 as a Liberal .
He was born in Whitwick , Leicester , the son of Samuel Perry and Annie Ward , was educated in Coalville and Loughborough , and came to Canada in 1910 , settling in Prince George in 1912 .
In 1911 , Perry married Florence Smith .
He was mayor of Prince George from 1917 to 1918 , in 1920 and in 1924 .
He was owner and editor of the " Fort George Tribune " , " The Prince George Citizen " , " The Nechako Chronicle " and the " Prince Rupert Daily News " .
Perry was defeated by Frederick Parker Burden when he ran for reelection in 1928 .
He ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the House of Commons in 1930 .
Perry was speaker for the assembly from 1934 to 1937 and served in the British Columbia cabinet as Minister of Education from 1941 to 1945 .
He was defeated by John McInnis when he ran for reelection to the provincial assembly in 1945 .
Perry died in Victoria of a heart attack at the age of 70 .

Zenith Lake ( Ontario )
Zenith Lake is a lake in Thunder Bay District , Ontario , Canada .
It is about long and wide , and lies at an elevation of .
The primary inflow and outflow is the Whitesand River , and the lake is immediately downstream of Cleaver Lake .

Childhood tumor syndrome
Childhood tumor syndrome is a condition characterized by axillary freckling , neurofibromas and / or CNS gliomas .

Arch and Ridge Streets Historic District
The Arch and Ridge Streets Historic District is a historic district located in Marquette , Michigan , running along Arch and Ridge Streets from Front Street to Lake Superior .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 .
The district includes the Call House .
Description .
The residential core of the district is defined by ridge running east - and - west ( known locally as simply " the Ridge " ) , which gives Ridge Street its name .
The district includes spectacular residences built for some of the leading citizens of Marquette , as well as more modest houses for white - and blue-collar workers .
Two public structures , the Peter White Library and First United Methodist Church , are also located within the district .
Seven of these structures are built from local sandstone .
These include the Daniel Merritt House and St. Paul 's Episcopal Cathedral .
A small cottage in the neighborhood was the inspiration for Carroll Watson Rankin 's 1904 novel , " The Dandelion Cottage " .
History .
The first construction in the Arch and Ridge Streets Historic District was in 1867 , when Peter White built the first house on the Ridge .
Most of the construction in the district took place over the next 35 years as other leading citizens of Marquette followed White 's lead , including pioneer businessman and industrialist Hiram A. Burt , Charles H. Call , Daniel Merritt , Andrew Ripka , David Murray , Josiah Reynolds , Frank Bennett Spear , and James Jopling .

Aceria guerreronis
The eriophyid coconut mite , Aceria guerreronis , is a mite which infests coconut plantations .
It is economically devastating , and can destroy up to 90 % of coconut production .
The immature nuts are infested and injured by mites feeding in the portion covered by the perianth of the immature nut .

HMS Belette ( 1814 )
HMS " Belette " ( or " Bellette " ) was an 18 - gun , built by Edward Larking and William Spong at Kings Lynn and launched in 1814 .
She was the second " Cruizer " class brig - sloop to bear the name .
" Belette " had an uneventful career performing peacetime patrols and was sold in 1828 .
Service .
With the war with France ending there was no immediate need for her services .
She was therefore brought to Sheerness on 13 July and laid up ; she was not finished until 1818 .
" Belette " was commissioned in May 1818 under Commander George Pechell for the Halifax station .
( While still only a lieutenant , Pechell had been acting commander of " Belette 's " sister ship , in 1811 .
) At Halifax " Belette " enforced the obligations under the Treaty of Ghent with respect to revenue and fisheries .
In carrying out these duties she took into custody numerous vessels of varying types that she suspected of violating the Treaty or the revenue laws .
In one case Pechell seized an American brig that was carrying £ 20,000 of illegal goods from India .
The vessel was purportedly only carrying flour and stores , but a close search found the concealed goods .
Pechell sent the vessel into Halifax .
In the summer of 1820 " Bellette " patrolled Passamaquoddy Bay on the border with the United States to stop the illegal plaster trade .
This effort was a notable failure , with smuggler 's attacking the naval vessel 's boats .
In 1820 Rear Admiral Griffith appointed Pechell to the command of the frigate , her captain being unwell , but the Admiralty canceled the appointment and Pechell returned to " Belette " after having served on " Tamar " for some six months .
While in " Tamar " Pechell , with the authority of the Haitian government , had captured a brigantine purporting to be Haitian .
" Belette " was paid off in December 1821 and then spent most of 1822 at Plymouth undergoing repairs .
She was recommissioned in September under Commander John Leith for the West Indies .
She was then paid off in 1827 at Chatham .
Fate .
" Belette " was put up for sale on 19 June 1827 .
The Admiralty sold her on 26 March 1828 to Adam Gordon for £ 1,210 .
Sources .
Smith , Joshua M. " Borderland Smuggling : Patriots , Loyalists , and Illicit Trade in the Northeast , 1783-1820" Gainesville : University Press of Florida , 2006 .

Call House
The Call House is a private residence located at 450 East Ridge Street in the Arch and Ridge Streets Historic District in Marquette , Michigan .
The house is also known as the Henry R. and Mary Hewitt Mather House .
It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1971 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 .
History .
The Call House was designed and built in 1867 by Carl F. Struck for Henry R. Mather .
Mather was the first president of the Cleveland Iron Mining Company .
The house was later used by U.S. Supreme Court Justice George Shiras Jr. as a summer home , and was used by Charles H. Call , president of the First National Bank and Marquette County Savings Bank .
Description .
The house is a particularly noteworthy example of Gothic Revival architecture .
It is a -story structure , built of wood with steeply pitched gables and dormers , vertical board - and - batten siding , and arched windows .
The first floor boasts tall , six - pane windows .

Rock and Wrap it Up
Rock and Wrap it Up !
is a non-profit organization that was formed by Syd Mandelbaum in 1994 .
The independent anti-poverty think tank is based in New York , but works with partners across the country to develops greening solutions that address the issues of hunger and poverty in America .
The organization works by increasing financial assets available to fight poverty by identifying new revenue streams through food and other basic assets obtained without cost .
The organization 's roots are in rock ' n ' roll music , which is where they got the name Rock and Wrap it Up !
The group started by recovering food that was prepared , but not served from venues like Nikon at Jones Beach Theater .
Next , the organization started working directly with bands to see that surplus food would be donated instead of being thrown out .
Rock and Wrap it Up !
works with bands to show them how they can use their contracts as a harvesting tool for food and other assets .
Some of the first bands to include Rock and Wrap it Up 's suggested clause in their rider were The Rolling Stones , Aerosmith , Bruce Hornsby , The Allman Brothers Band , Tom Petty and Tina Turner .
Rock and Wrap it Up !
has expanded its work to include partnerships with sports franchises across America as well as schools and now hotels .
The organization is also working with television and film production crews to see that surplus food and other assets are not wasted at the end of shooting .
Sports Wrap .
Sports Wrap !
is the sector of Rock and Wrap it Up !
that works with professional sports teams and the concession stands at ballparks , fields and other arenas to collect food that has been prepared but not sold or served .
Rock and Wrap it Up matches this leftover food with a local agency fighting poverty , who in turn recovers the food and serves it at area shelters and soup kitchens .
Partnering Teams : New York Yankees New York Mets Boston Red Sox New York Giants New York Jets New England Patriots New York Knicks New Jersey Nets Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Phillies Kansas City Royals New York Islanders Florida Panthers Hotel Wrap !
Hotel Wrap !
is Rock and Wrap it Up 's newest endeavor .
They work with hotels to see that toiletries are not thrown into the garbage , but instead shared with local anti-poverty agencies .
The group recovers unused or partially used shampoo bottles , bath gel , and other items left behind by hotel guests .
Hotel Wrap works with the Housekeeping staff of hotels to develop effective ways to ensure that tissues , toilet paper , and toiletries are shared with those in need instead of ending up in the trash .
School Program .
School Programs Since 1997 , over 300 schools nation-wide have started Rock and Wrap it Up !
School Programs to empower students to recover food and other assets from their schools for distribution in the local community .
Snack Wrap !
encourages younger students to share unopened snacks with children in latchkey programs .
High School and College students recover food that is prepared but not sold in their schools and share them with agencies in their community who fight poverty .
The College Wrap Program also encourages the Give and Go Green Program .
Students donate bedding , gently used clothing , small appliances , furniture and non-perishable food at the end of each school year to local agencies rather than disposing these assets into landfills .

Ralph Keller
Raphael J. Keller ( born February 6 , 1936 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who played three games in the National Hockey League for the New York Rangers .

It 's My Soul
is the seventh single released by the Japanese boyband Kanjani8 .
The song follows the same disco / funk trend that its predecessor and album featured .
There were two versions of this single released , with the limited edition single featuring a special double secret sticker .
This single also is the start of the members ' alter-ego for each single 's theme .
Inside featured lead singer , Subaru Shibutani , in full drag portraying the girl that the song is about .

Al LeBrun
Albert Ivan LeBrun ( born December 1 , 1940 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who played six games in the National Hockey League for the New York Rangers .

Rancho Janal
Rancho Janal was a Mexican land grant in present day San Diego County , California given in 1829 by Governor José María de Echeandía to José Antonio Estudillo .
The grant was located near present day Otay Mesa .
A large portion of the grant is now covered by the waters of the Upper and Lower Otay Reservoirs .
Rancho Janal and the adjoining Rancho Otay were granted to members of the Estudillo family , and they are often considered as one rancho .
History .
José Antonio Estudillo ( 1805 – 1852 ) , the son of José María Estudillo , was born at Monterey and became prominent in political affairs .
In 1825 Estudillo married María Victoria Dominguez , daughter of Sergeant Cristobal Dominguez , who was the grantee of Rancho San Pedro .
The Estudillos were absentee ranchers , living in the pueblo of San Diego .
He was alcalde of San Diego in 1836-1838 and was elected to be the first San Diego County treasurer in 1850 , although he refused the office and Philip Crosthwaite was appointed to fill the office in his place .
With the cession of California to the United States following the Mexican-American War , the 1848 Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo provided that the land grants would be honored .
As required by the Land Act of 1851 , a claim for Rancho Janal was filed with the Public Land Commission in 1852 , and the grant was patented to Victoria Dominguez et al .
in 1872 .
Elisha Spurr Babcock , Jr. , who also built the Hotel del Coronado , purchased Rancho Janal in 1883 , and built lower Otay Dam for the Southern California Water Company in 1900 .
Henry G. Fenton , a subcontractor of Babcock , bought of Rancho Janal in 1926 .

Larry Molyneaux
Lawrence Samuel Molyneaux ( July 8 , 1912 – May 24 , 1966 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player who played 45 games in the National Hockey League for the New York Rangers .
He was born in Sutton West , Ontario .
He died in 1966 in Toronto , Ontario .

Surmatash Nature Reserve
The Surmatsh Nature Reserve is located in Kadamjay District of Batken Province of Kyrgyzstan .
It was established in 2009 with a purpose of conservation of unique nature complexes and biological diversity , protection of rare and threatened species of flora and fauna , and extending network of specially protected nature areas .
The reserve occupies 66,194 hectares .

Aboriginal - based organized crime
Aboriginal - based organized crime ( ABOC ) is a term used to refer to Canadian criminal organizations which have a significant percentage of Aboriginal members .
These organizations are primarily found in the prairie provinces , which tend to have areas with high concentrations of people of Aboriginal descent .
ABOC is an important national monitored issue , as defined by Criminal Intelligence Service Canada .
The Prairie Provinces have some 140 different gangs ; almost all are aboriginal gangs , including over 60 gangs in Manitoba alone .
Unique features of aboriginal gangs .
• Aboriginal gangs will often use aboriginal art and culture and add it to the gang ( bearclaws are often used etc ) .
• Support and Facilitation : ABOC - classified organizations typically support and facilitate the actions of other groups , usually larger and well organized crime groups , such as the Helontaneous , and disorganized street-level criminal activities , primarily low-level trafficking of marijuana , cocaine and crack cocaine and , to a lesser extent , methamphetamine .
The gangs are also involved in prostitution , breaking and entering , robberies , assaults , intimidation , vehicle theft and illicit drug debt collection " .
• Aboriginal recruitment : Recruitment typically takes place from aboriginal populations in larger centres , correctional facilities and from First Nations .
Criminal activities .
There is confusion about how to properly intervene in preventing the growth of these gangs .
One approach in Winnipeg recommended an all - Aboriginal school board in the face of increased gang involvement by Aboriginal youth .
These schools are viewed as a means of increasing respect for traditional Aboriginal values while giving youth the opportunity to avoid involvement in gangs .
There is caution toward such strategies due to the fear that these schools , purely as an anti-crime initiative , will lead to ghettoization .
The thought of creating an Aboriginal school system struck some as reeking of segregation .
Similar initiatives have been discussed in Saskatchewan , leading to a recommendation by the Federation of Saskatchewan Indian Nations in late 2009 .
Aboriginal street gangs .
In the past five years , aboriginal gangs , as they are classified by the Criminal Intelligence Service Canada , have surpassed outlaw motorcycle gangs and Italian organized crime syndicates as the largest single group held in federal prisons , with 536 members serving federal sentences .
Ninety per cent of them are doing time on the Prairies , dominated by three established gangs : the Indian Posse , the Native Syndicate and the Warriors Indian Posse .
" Indian Posse " is the most dangerous street gang in Canada that uses violence as a badge of honour by gang members , they are the most violent gang in Canada .
From 2006 to 2012 , 87 Aboriginals died from gang-related violence in Winnipeg , Manitoba .
IP is responsible for the indirect creation of other major street gangs like the MW and NS .
Members of " IP " live by intimidation and fear and swear to a blood in blood out oath .
There could be as many as 2,000 IP gangsters throughout the prairie provinces .
Indian Posse , also known as the IP , is an aboriginal street gang based in Winnipeg , Manitoba .
The first recorded incident from this gang took place in 1988 .
Originally , they were mainly active in Lac La Biche , Alberta and known as a high threat gang .
GANG PROFILE Symbols : IP , colour red and brown ( certain sets ) 1988 , G Money , 916 , 9:16 , Code Red Territory : Nearly all Canada and some states .
Alliance : Manitoba Blood Family ( certain sets ) , Hells Angels , Locolz , Krazies , Norte 14 Rivals : Native Syndicate , Warriors , 334 Mob Squad , PK Gangs , Asian Bomb Squad , Crips , Sur 13 , MBF ( certain sets ) Members : 1400 Formation Year : 1988 Threat : High The Indian Posse was featured in the fictional film Stryker by Noam Gonick which presents a positive portrayal of the gang " Armies of Resistance ” to poverty and other problems .
The film dealt with conflicts involving the now-defunct rival gang Asian Bomb Squad .
The main character was referred to as “ Stryker , ” which is a slang term for prospective recruits .
IP is made up of sets called Posses with 1400 + members called " 88s " , making it the largest street gang in Canada .
Indian Posse is active in Manitoba , Alberta , Saskatchewan , Ontario , British Columbia , Texas , Arizona and Oklahoma .
One of the alleged founders of the Indian Posse , Daniel Richard Wolfe , was murdered in the Saskatchewan Federal Penitentiary on 5 January 2010 .
Warriors .
1 .
Manitoba Warriors GANG PROFILE Symbols : colour Black and Blue ( certain sets ) , MW , Eight ray sun , 13x23 , 1323 , number 23 jershey , X3XX3 .
Territory : Manitoba , Saskatchewan , Alberta , BC , Ontario and some states Alliances : Rock Machine , Mob Squad , Sur 13 Rivals : Indian Posse , Native Syndicate , Manitoba Blood Family , PK Mobsterz , Terror Squad Members : 1250 Formation Year : 1992 Threat : High The Manitoba Warriors 1323 is a Prison Gang , rejecting the structure of rival gangs like IP .
Most of the members are behind bars and they have followers on the streets called dubbs which carry out their orders on the streets .
the Warriors have spread to other provinces over time and now they are a " Nation Wide Menace " .
The MW on the streets used to wear vests similar to biker culture , the Gang has grown so big now they outnumber their Arch Rival IP 2 to 1 in Manitoba .
1 .
Dubbs Dubbs ( Dubs , Dubbz ) are foot soldiers for the Warriors they are loosely organized sets of gangs , they pay allegiance to the Manitoba Warriors .
They will often represent the numbers 1323 or 13x23 and number 23 jersheys , W is the 23rd letter which stands for Warriors .
The dubbs are found nationwide from Ontario to British Columbia .
They wear the colour black and some sets blue .
Redd Alert .
Redd Alert is an aboriginal street gang active mainly in Edmonton , Alberta and Regina , Saskatchewan , as well as to a lesser extent in Vancouver , British Columbia and Kamloops , British Columbia .
It was " founded " in the mid - 1990s but was not largely active until 2005 .
They wear red bandanas , and have a presence across institutions in the prairies .
Native syndicate .
GANG PROFILE Symbols : NS , colour white , 1419 , 14x19 , 1994 , 94 , PK Territory : Canada and some states Alliances : Zig Zag Crew , Syndicate Brothers , Crooks Gangs Rivals : Indian Posse , Warriors , Deuce Tre , Indian Mafia , Terror Squad , Manitoba Blood Family Members : 500 Threat : High Native Syndicate is an Aboriginal Criminal Organization exclusively for Aboriginals , It was formed in 1994 in opposition to the MW and IP .
Native Syndicate is a blood in blood out gang , which in uncommon in Aboriginal Organized Crime .
NS is currently Active in Manitoba , Saskatchewan , Ontario , Alberta and some parts of the US .
They utilize a Mafia-style organizational structure , but otherwise invoke aboriginal imagery .
Their official colours are white and black , but they wear a white bandana .
Their tattoos often resemble “ \Z\” ( symbolizing NS , or " Native Syndicate " ) , marked between the thumb and index finger .
Rivals include Indian Posse , Native Syndicate Killers NSK and Warriors .
" Bloods .
The Manitoba Blood Family is a Prison Gang made up of several blood sets throughout Manitoba and Alberta .
They are known for drug trafficking , homicide , weapons trafficking , home invasions and other crimes .
Their rivals primarily are the Manitoba Warriors ; other rivals include Winnipeg Westside Crips , Most Organized Brothers and B - Side gangs .
The Manitoba Blood Family 1326 members live the oath ' Blood In , Blood Out ' .
Symbols : MBF , colour red , 1326 , 13x2x6 , BG , X32VI , number 26 jershey , Territory : Manitoba , Alberta , Saskatchewan , Ontario Alliances : Norte 14 , Indian Posse ( certain sets ) , Crips ( certain sets ) Rivals : Manitoba Warriors , Indian Posse ( certain sets ) , Crips ( certain sets ) , Mob Squad , Sur 13 Members : 400 Formation Year : 1990-2000s Threat : Moderate Some Winnipeg Blood Sets are : Young Bloodz , Junior Bloodz , Infamous Bloodz , Troublesum Bloodz , Manitoba Blood Family 14 , Westside Bloodz , Cash Money Bloodz , Northside Bloodgang , Notorious Bloodz , Spade Bloodz , Manitoba Warrior Killerz Other gangs .
Aboriginal Gangs in Canada .
Over 160 validated aboriginal gangs as of April 20 , 2015 1 .
Aboriginal Kings ( Crips ) 2 .
Alberta Warriors 3 .
B - Side 4 .
BIBC 1323 ( Dubbs ) 4 .
Broadway Boyz 5 .
Brawlers 6 .
Bloodz 7 .
235 blue flag 9 .
Cash Money Brothers 10 .
Cash Money Crips 11 .
Crazy Cree 12 .
Da Pitbull Army 13 .
Deuce 14 .
Deuce Riders 15 .
Deuce Killers 16 .
Dubbz Diamond 1323 ( Dubbs ) 17 .
Dirty Money Crew 18 .
Eastside Crips 19 .
Forrest Avenue Bloodz ( Bloods ) 20 .
G Money Soldiers 21 .
Gangster Crips 22 .
Gangster Dubbs 23 .
Westside Chagos 24 .
Indian Posse ( multiple gangs with same name ) 25 .
Indian Mafia 26 .
Indian Mafia Crips 27 .
Indian Brotherhood 28 .
Indian Souljas 29 .
PK posse killas ( Dubbs ) 30 .
PK Mobsterz 31 .
PK Familia 32 .
Central PK ( Dubbs ) 33 .
CTL Central Gang ( Dubbs ) 34 .
Junior Warriors ( Dubbs ) 35 .
Junior Mixed Blood 36 .
Junior Bloodz ( Bloods ) 37 .
All Bout Money 38 .
Good Squad 39 .
Krazies 40 .
Locolz 41 .
Northside Locolz 42 .
Manitoba Warriors ( multiple gangs ) 43 .
Manitoba Blood Family ( Bloods ) 44 .
Manitoba Bloodz ( Bloods ) 45 .
Manitoba Warrior Killers ( Bloods ) 46 .
Manitoba Indian Posse 47 .
Manitoba Native Syndicate 48 .
Mixed Blood 49 .
Most Organized Brothers 50 .
Money Over Bitches 51 .
Mob Squad 52 .
334 Mob Squad 53 .
Native Gangster Crips 54 .
Native Crips 55 .
Native Posse 56 .
Native Pride 57 .
Native Syndicate 58 .
Native Syndicate Killers 59 .
Native MOB 60 .
Native MOB Family 61 .
Native Kings 62 .
Native Souljas 63 .
Northend Brotherhood 64 .
Native Mafia 65 .
Notorious Mafia 66 .
Noe Luv Crew 67 .
Northside Jonsquad 68 .
North Central Rough Riderz 69 .
Northside Boyz 70 .
Native Syndicate Gangstaz 71 .
Northside Warriors 72 .
Northside IP 73 .
Northside Bloodgang ( Bloods ) 74 .
Notorious Bloodz ( Bloods ) 75 .
Mad Cowz 76 .
Infamous Bloodz ( Bloods ) 77 .
Nine O 's 78 .
Outcasts 79 .
Renegades 80 .
Repping The Northside 81 .
Redd Alert 82 .
Ruthless Crew 83 .
Ruthless Warriors ( Dubbs ) 84 .
Bloodless Dubs ( Dubbs ) 85 .
Native Outlawz 86 .
South Broadway Gang 87 .
Southside Gangs 88 .
Southside Crips 89 .
Surenos 13 90 .
Saskatchewan Warriors 91 .
Spade Bloodz ( Bloods ) 92 .
Terrorizer 93 .
Terror Squad 94 .
Troublesum Bloodz ( Bloods ) 95 .
Tribal Brotherz 96 .
Oak Bay Tribe ( Dubbs ) 97 .
Oak Bay Hustle Gang 1323 ( Dubbs ) 98 .
Westside Soldierz 99 .
Westside Crips 100 .
Westside Bloodz ( Bloods ) 101 .
Westsyde Bloods ( Bloods ) 102 .
West End Boyz 103 .
Westside Jonsquad 104 .
Wolf Pack 105 .
Young Bloodz ( Bloodz ) 106 .
Zig Zag Crew 107 .
204 Girlz 108 .
Crazy Indians 109 .
Crazy Indian Brotherhood 110 .
Crooks 111 .
Vatos Locos 112 .
12Block Indian Posse 113 .
Gang Life 1323 ( Dubbs ) 114 .
Saskatoon Warriors 115 .
South Indian Criminalz ( Bloods ) 116 .
Deuce Tre 117 .
SKIP Set Indian Posse 118 .
MS-13 119 .
Queen City Crooks 120 .
Wildboyz 121 .
Wreckless Dubs ( Dubbs ) 122 .
Murdertoba Thugs 123 .
Native elite 12

Lipoblastoma
Lipoblastoma is a type of subcutaneous benign fatty tumor .
Types include :

Rancho Otay
Rancho Otay was a Mexican land grant in present-day San Diego County , California given in 1846 by Governor Pío Pico to Magdelena Estudillo .
The grant in the present-day Otay Mesa area , extended along the Otay River , just west of Lower Otay Reservoir .
History .
The two square league grant was made to Magdalena Estudillo , whose brother , José Antonio Estudillo , was grantee of the adjoining one square league Rancho Janal .
The two grants , both to members of the Estudillo family , are often considered as one rancho .
The Estudillos were absentee ranchers , living in the pueblo of San Diego .
With the cession of California to the United States following the Mexican-American War , the 1848 Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo provided that the land grants would be honored .
As required by the Land Act of 1851 , a claim for Rancho Otay was filed with the Public Land Commission in 1852 , and the grant was patented to Magdelena Estudillo in 1872 .

The Caller ( 2008 film )
The Caller is a 2008 film by Richard Ledes .
The film , which stars Frank Langella , Elliott Gould , and Laura Harring , premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival where it won the Made in NY Narrative Award .
The screenplay was co-authored with Alain Didier-Weill .
Plot .
Jimmy Stevens ( Frank Langella ) is a high level executive at an international energy consulting firm .
Haunted by the criminal practices of his company , he decides to expose their corruption .
He realizes this betrayal will lead to his murder , so he hires out a detective to trail him during his last days .
Unaware that the man who has hired him and the man he is following are one and the same , Turlotte ( Elliott Gould ) begins a thrilling game of cat and mouse with Stevens and New York City becomes the arena for the uncertain contest .
Slowly , the investigation begins to yield clues that come to reveal the larger story of Jimmy 's mysterious past .
As hints of his childhood in occupied France during WWII are unearthed , a haunting memory surrounding a lone , dying man and the two young boys who witness his last breath becomes the key to the present .
As the clock winds down and the hired guns close in on Jimmy , Turlotte puts the puzzle pieces together with just enough time to fulfill his fated duty .
Reception .
As of June 2014 , the film had a score of 13 % on Rotten Tomatoes from 16 reviews .
The " New York Post " gave it a critical review calling it an " opaque oddity " and suggesting it only received a theatrical release because of Frank Langella 's Oscar nomination .
" Time Out New York " gave it 2 stars .
" Screen International " called it " ponderous " .

Hylas Yachts
Hylas Yachts is a brand of fiberglass , center - cockpit sailboats built in Taiwan by Queen Long Marine Ltd and designed by Sparkman & Stephens and German Frers .
The US headquarters are in Marblehead , MA , under the name Hylas Yachts USA .
Sizes range from 42 to 70 feet .
Joseph Huang , the president of Queen Long Marine , introduced the brand in 1984 .
History .
In the early 1980s , Joseph Huang of Queen Long Ltd. partnered with Sparkman & Stephens to build a 47 foot sailboat called the Stevens 47 .
They named her after Bill Stevens of Stevens Yacht Charters because he ordered so many of the original boats .
In 1984 , Huang added two German Frers designs of 42 and 44 feet .
He branded them Hylas after a Greek mythological youth associated with Hercules and the cruise of the Argonauts .
The Stevens 47 and Hylas 44 foot versions were popular charter sailboats .
Along with Bill Stevens , Caribbean Yachts Charters ( CYC ) under Dick Jachney ran a charter fleet of 44 and 47 Hylases .
Jachney split the cost of new Hylas Yachts with private owners in exchange for using their boat in the CYC fleet for a couple years .
This allowed the owner to save considerably on a new Hylas .
While a former charter boat could have been refitted , in general these are poorly outfitted for cruising and have high engine hours .
The presence of high engine hours on chartered Hylas 44 's is especially troubling because of the difficulty of repowering .
In 1990 , Joseph Huang and Dick Jachney joined forces and redesigned the 44 and 47 adding sugar scoop sterns into eventually the 46 and 49 versions .
These 46 and 49 Hylases became the mainstay of the CYC fleet .
Around 1998 , Hylas introduced a German Frers 54 - foot model .
In 2000 , they introduced a raised saloon model of the same 54 - foot Frers hull design .
During this period , Hylas cut ties with CYC and became unaffiliated with any charter boat operation .
During the 2005 Caribbean 1500 rally from Virginia to the British Virgin Islands , two 54 Hylases lost substantial portions of their rudders .
The lower third of the rudders which was all foam and unattached to the partial skeg broke away under the high stress .
More recently , Hylas introduced a 66 - foot Frers design which has been extended to 70 feet .
In 2010 , they introduced the 56 Frers , an extended version of the 54 .
Models .
Hylas Yachts offers 46 , 49 , 56 , 56 Raised Saloon , and 70 foot designs .
The 49 is a Tony Seifert modified version of the original Sparkman & Stephens designed 47-footer .
All others are by German Frers .
Hylas is famous for center cockpits with teak interiors and large aft staterooms .
Specifically , they carry beams further aft than most other yachts .
Queen Long Marine in Kaohsiung , Taiwan is the sole builder of Hylas yachts .
For the 56 and 70 foot models , they use Twaron , a Kevlar like aramid fiber .
Twaron makes a hull reportedly as strong as a metal one .
Hylas boasts that the fiber makes their yachts bulletproof .

Vic Myles
Victor Robert William Myles ( November 12 , 1914 – August 21 , 1983 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player who played 45 games in the National Hockey League for the New York Rangers .
He died in Moose Jaw , Saskatchewan in 1983 and is buried at Rosedale Cemetery .

Ward 21 , St. Louis City
Ward 21 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis , Missouri .
It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis The current alderman for Ward 21 is Antonio French .
Ward 21 contains parts of many neighborhoods , including Kingsway East , Greater Ville , O ' Fallon , Penrose , and Mark Twain .

Terry Kleisinger
Terry Kleisinger ( born October 10 , 1960 in Regina , Saskatchewan ) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played four games in the National Hockey League .
He played with the New York Rangers .
United States

Dave Tataryn
David Nathan Tataryn ( born July 17 , 1950 ) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played two games in the National Hockey League and 25 in the World Hockey Association .
He played with the New York Rangers and Toronto Toros .

Water and religion
Water is considered a purifier in most religions .
Holy water .
Some faiths use water especially prepared for religious purposes ( holy water in some Christian denominations , " amrita " in Sikhism and Hinduism ) .
Many religions also consider particular sources or bodies of water to be sacred or at least auspicious ; examples include Lourdes in Roman Catholicism , the Jordan River ( at least symbolically ) in some Christian churches , the Zamzam Well in Islam and the River Ganges ( among many others ) in Hinduism .
Ritual washing .
Faiths that incorporate ritual washing ( ablution ) include Christianity , Hinduism , Buddhism , Sikhism , Judaism , Islam , the Bahá'í Faith , Shinto , Taoism , and the Rastafari movement .
Immersion ( or aspersion or affusion ) of a person in water is a central sacrament of Christianity ( where it is called baptism ) ; it is also a part of the practice of other religions , including Judaism ( " mikvah " ) and Sikhism ( " Amrit Sanskar " ) .
In addition , a ritual bath in pure water is performed for the dead in many religions including Judaism and Islam .
In Islam , the five daily prayers can be done in most cases ( see " Tayammum " ) after completing washing certain parts of the body using clean water ( " wudu " ) .
In Shinto , water is used in almost all rituals to cleanse a person or an area ( e.g. , in the ritual of " misogi " ) .
Immersion of deities .
In Hinduism , statues of Durga and Ganesh are immersed in rivers at the final stages of the festivals Durga Puja and Ganesh Chaturthi respectively .
In Christianity the baptism of Jesus is an important moment in Christian theology and is the third most important feast of the Church , following Easter and Pentecost .
Its feast , called Epiphany or Theophany , is celebrated on January 6 .
Water deities .
Water deities are usually a focus of worship at specific springs or holy wells , but there are also more abstract ocean deities , and deities representing " water " as an abstract element , such as Aban in Zoroastrianism .
Example for local tutelary water deities include Celtic Sulis , worshipped at the thermal spring at Bath , or Ganges in Hinduism , personified as a goddess .
The Hindu goddess Saraswati originated as a personification of the Saraswati River in the Rigveda , but became a more abstract deity of wisdom in Hinduism .
African examples include the Yoruba river goddess Oshun , the Igbo lake goddess Ogbuide , ( Uhammiri ) , or the Igbo river goddess , Idemili ( Achebe ) .

John Polich
John Paul Polich ( b .
July 8 , 1915 in Hibbing , Minnesota – d .
May 27 , 2001 ) was a professional ice hockey player who played three games in the National Hockey League .
He played for the New York Rangers .

Harold Albert Kullberg
Captain Harold Albert Kullberg ( 10 September 1896 – 5 August 1924 ) was a World War I flying ace credited with 19 aerial victories .
Though he scored his victories with the Royal Air Force , Kullberg was an American citizen .
He was rejected for training as an American pilot because he was too short .
He then joined the Royal Flying Corps in Canada on 7 August 1917 .
Biography .
He was born on 10 September 1896 in Somerville , Massachusetts .
He joined No. 1 Squadron RFC in May 1918 .
He was an immediate success flying the RAF SE.5a , scoring pairs of victories on 27 and 28 May , 1 and 9 June .
His next victory , his ninth , was over an observation balloon .
He continued scoring apace through June and July .
August and September brought his final five victories , all over German Fokker D. VIIs .
The wingmen of his final victory on 16 September 1918 pursued him and inflicted three leg wounds on him .
Kullberg sat out the rest of the war .
It took six months for Kullberg to heal .
He served until his release from service in July 1919 .
Kullberg became involved in civil aviation .
He even made the nation 's first arrest for violation of air traffic rules .
On 3 November 1923 , Kullberg chased down someone who was stunt flying over an urban area , landed with them , and arrested them .
He became president of the Akron Aeronautical Association .
On 5 August 1924 , he died in an air crash while instructing a student pilot .
Honors and awards .
Distinguished Flying Cross ( DFC ) " This officer has destroyed six enemy aeroplanes and has taken part in seven engagements when others have been destroyed by members of his patrol .
A bold and keen officer who possesses a fine fighting spirit .
" DFC citation , London Gazette , November 2 , 1918 .

Johan Lindbom
Johan Stig Mikael Lindbom ( born July 8 , 1971 in Alvesta , Sweden ) was a professional ice hockey player who played 38 games in the National Hockey League .
He played for the New York Rangers .

Jan Mertzig
Jan Mertzig ( born July 18 , 1970 ) is a Swedish former professional ice hockey player who played 23 games in the National Hockey League .
He played for the New York Rangers .

Peter Wallin
Rolf Peter Wallin ( born April 30 , 1957 in Stockholm , Sweden ) was a professional ice hockey player who played 52 games in the National Hockey League .
He played for the New York Rangers .

Vitali Yeremeyev
Vitali Mikhailovich Yeremeyev ( ; born September 23 , 1975 ) is a professional Kazakhstani ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing with Barys Astana in the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Career .
Yeremeyev was drafted the 9th round ( 209th overall ) in the 1994 NHL Entry Draft by the New York Rangers after his third season with Torpedo Ust-Kamenogorsk in which he won the Kazakhstan Hockey Championship 's award for best goalie .
He then played three seasons with CSKA Moscow , posting an incredible 1.66 GAA in 25 games during 1995-96 .
He bounced around the leagued a bit for the next few seasons , playing with Lokomotiv Yaroslavl and CSKA Moscow before landing with Dynamo Moscow .
In 2000 , he powered the club to a league title , posting a 1.24 GAA in 26 games during the regular season , and a stunning 1.27 GAA during the playoffs .
The next year , he got a shot at the National Hockey League with the Rangers , but was unable to replicate his performance and returned to Russia with Dynamo Moscow .
In 2004-05 , he won the Russian Superleague title again with Moscow , as well as the league ’s award for best goalie .
Impressively , he managed to post an even better GAA in this season ’s playoff effort , starting 10 games and averaging just .90 goals against per game .
He played another five years with Dynamo Moscow , until he was traded to Barys Astana in 2010 .
International career .
Yeremeyev has competed for Kazakhstan more times than any other goalie in the country 's history by far .
In the 1994 World Championships , he was Evgeni Nabokov 's teammate for the three years with Torpedo Ust-Kamenogorsk as well as the lone international competition that Nabokov represented Kazakhstan .
He has competed at two Olympics as well as 10 World Championships .
Yeremeyev 's top international performance came at the 1998 Winter Olympics , where he carried an upstart Kazakhstan team all the way to the quarterfinals where Team Canada beat them 4–1 .

Huiju
Huiju ( 徽剧 ) is a variety of Chinese opera from the east-central province of Anhui , China , and was formerly also popular in neighboring Zhejiang .
It is named for the historical region of Huizhou ( now the city of Huangshan , Anhui ) , where it originated .
" Huiju " was introduced to Beijing in the late 18th century and was influential in being a precursor of Beijing opera .
The most prominent " Huiju " troupe is the Huiju Opera Troupe of Anhui Province , which was established in 1956 and is based in the city of Hefei .

Moreira Franco
Wellington Moreira Franco ( , Teresina , October 19 , 1944 ) is a Brazilian politician .
He was governor of the state of Rio de Janeiro from 1987 to 1991 and also the mayor of Niterói city from 1977 to 1982 .
He taught Sociology at Fluminense Federal University .

Leucorrhinia frigida
The frosted whiteface ( " Leucorrhinia frigida " ) is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae .
It is found in northeasten United States and southern Manitoba , Ontario , Quebec , and New Brunswick .

Jean-Paul Denis
Joseph Gabriel Jean-Paul " Johnny " Denis ( February 28 , 1924 – January 3 , 1989 ) was a professional ice hockey player who played ten games in the National Hockey League .
Born in Montreal , Quebec , he played with the New York Rangers .

Spy Rock Road
Spy Rock Road is the second and final studio album by the American punk rock band The Lookouts .
It was released in 1989 through Lookout !
Records Personnel .
Additional performers Production

Jack Mann
John Edward Kingsley " Jack " Mann ( July 27 , 1919 – July 11 , 1980 ) was a professional ice hockey player who played nine games in the National Hockey League .
Born in Winnipeg , Manitoba , he played with the New York Rangers .

Cincinnati History Museum
The Cincinnati History Museum is an urban history museum in Cincinnati , Ohio , United States .
It opened in 1990 at the Cincinnati Museum Center at Union Terminal .
The museum features the recreated Cincinnati Public Landing from the mid 1860s and an exhibit covering Cincinnati 's role in World War II .
Cincinnati In Motion is a scale model representation of Downtown Cincinnati in the 1940s featuring working streetcars .
Galleries .
The Cincinnati History Museum includes 6 main galleries :

The Devil ( novel )
" The Devil " ( ) is a novella by Leo Tolstoy .
It was written in 1889 , given an alternative ending in 1909 , but published only posthumously in 1911 .
Like Tolstoy 's " The Kreutzer Sonata " , written around the same time , " The Devil " deals with the consequences of sexual emotion .
Plot summary .
Two young men , Eugene Irtenev and his brother , are left a large inheritance after the death of their father .
However , the inheritance is saddled with debts , and the brothers must decide whether or not to accept it .
Eugene accepts the inheritance and buys off his brother 's portion , thinking that he can sell off large tracts of land while making improvements to the rest .
Living alone with his mother while working on the farm , Eugene misses the relations he had with women while living in St. Petersburg .
He inquires around the village , and the watchman introduces Eugene to a local peasant named Stepanida whose husband lives away in the city .
For several months Eugene and Stepanida have encounters , with Eugene paying her each time .
Eventually , Eugene 's mother thinks it is time for him to get married , preferably to an heiress who will help them with their debts .
To her disappointment , Eugene falls in love with Liza Annenskaya , a charming middle-class girl , and they are married after Eugene breaks off relations with Stepanida .
After a year of marriage , Liza employs two peasant women to help with cleaning the estate .
One of them is Stepanida .
When Eugene notices her , all the passion for her that he thought was forgotten comes rushing back .
He ca n't stop thinking about her and decides that she must be sent away .
Liza later suffers a harmful fall while pregnant , and Eugene takes her for a rest cure to the Crimea for two months on doctor 's orders .
She gives birth to a daughter , and Eugene 's financial prospects are starting to look promising .
His estate is described as being in the best working condition it has ever been , and he thinks he is finally happy .
At a village festival , Eugene notices Stepanida dancing , and their glances re - awaken his desire .
Tormented by lust , he thinks of resuming relations with her , but realizes that the affair would cause too much of a scandal .
Eugene says of Stepanida , " Really , she is -- a devil .
Simply a devil .
She has possessed herself of me against my own will .
" He convinces himself that there are only two options : to kill Stepanida , or to kill his wife and run off with Stepanida .
Eugene then thinks of a third option , which is to commit suicide .
When his family finds him dead of a revolver shot , they cannot understand why he killed himself since , although he was evidently tormented , he did not confide in his closest relatives .
In the alternate version of the ending , Eugene kills Stepanida with a revolver , is imprisoned , and eventually returns home a useless drunkard .

Frank Peters ( ice hockey )
Hubert John Francis " Frank " Peters ( June 5 , 1902 – July 17 , 1973 ) , nicknamed Frosty Peters , was a professional ice hockey player who played 43 games in the National Hockey League .
Born in Rouses Point , New York , the son of Hubert Peters , a printer , he played for the New York Rangers .
Peters holds a record having played the second most games in the NHL without registering a point , at 44 behind Gord Strate , who played in 61 .

Lüju
Lüju ( 吕剧 ) is a variety of Chinese opera from the eastern province of Shandong , China .
It originated in the southwestern part of the province .
There are several theories about how this form of opera got its name .

Wahaha ( song )
is the eighth single released by the Japanese boyband Kanjani8 .
The single featured two versions , a limited and regular edition .
The limited edition single came with a seven page photobook .
Because this single was the eighth one that they released , they played on the pronunciation of the number 8 , hachi , with the pronunciation of the Japanese word for bee , also hachi , and used it for hidden gag in the CD' s promotion and jacket art .
Shota Yasuda dressed up like a bee and was featured in the promotional video and limited edition CD booklet .

Radial trajectory
In astrodynamics and celestial mechanics a radial trajectory is a Kepler orbit with zero angular momentum .
Two objects in a radial trajectory move directly towards or away from each other in a straight line .
Classification .
There are three types of radial trajectories ( orbits ) .
Unlike standard orbits which are classified by their orbital eccentricity , radial orbits are classified by their specific orbital energy , the constant sum of the total kinetic and potential energy , divided by the reduced mass : where " x " is the distance between the centers of the masses , " v " is the relative velocity , and formula_2 is the standard gravitational parameter .
Another constant is given by : Time as a function of distance .
Given the separation and velocity at any time , and the total mass , it is possible to determine the position at any other time .
The first step is to determine the constant w .
Use the sign of w to determine the orbit type .
where formula_7 and formula_8 are the separation and relative velocity at any time .
Parabolic trajectory .
where " t " is the time from or until the time at which the two masses , if they were point masses , would coincide , and " x " is the separation .
This equation applies only to radial parabolic trajectories , for general parabolic trajectories see Barker 's equation .
Elliptic trajectory .
where " t " is the time from or until the time at which the two masses , if they were point masses , would coincide , and " x " is the separation .
This is the radial Kepler equation .
See also equations for a falling body .
Hyperbolic trajectory .
where " t " is the time from or until the time at which the two masses , if they were point masses , would coincide , and " x " is the separation .
Universal form ( any trajectory ) .
The radial Kepler equation can be made " universal " ( applicable to all trajectories ) : or by expanding in a power series : The radial Kepler problem ( distance as function of time ) .
The problem of finding the separation of two bodies at a given time , given their separation and velocity at another time , is known as the Kepler problem .
This section solves the Kepler problem for radial orbits .
The first step is to determine the constant w .
Use the sign of w to determine the orbit type .
Where formula_7 and formula_8 are the separation and velocity at any time .
Parabolic trajectory .
See also position as function of time in a straight escape orbit .
Universal form ( any trajectory ) .
Two intermediate quantities are used : w , and the separation at time t the bodies would have if they were on a parabolic trajectory , p .
Where t is the time , formula_19 is the initial position , formula_20 is the initial velocity , and formula_21 .
The inverse radial Kepler equation is the solution to the radial Kepler problem : Evaluating this yields :
Power series can be easily differentiated term by term .
Repeated differentiation gives the formulas for the velocity , acceleration , jerk , snap , etc. Orbit inside a radial shaft .
The orbit inside a radial shaft in a uniform spherical body would be a simple harmonic motion , because gravity inside such a body is proportional to the distance to the center .
If the small body enters and / or exits the large body at its surface the orbit changes from or to one of those discussed above .
For example , if the shaft extends from surface to surface a closed orbit is possible consisting of parts of two cycles of simple harmonic motion and parts of two different ( but symmetric ) radial elliptic orbits .

Travis LaRue
Travis Leldon LaRue ( January 6 , 1913 – November 14 , 2009 ) was an American politician who served as the Mayor of Austin , Texas , from 1969 until 1971 .
LaRue was the last Mayor of Austin to be elected by Austin City Council rather than a direct election by city voters .
LaRue was elected Mayor by the Austin City Council in 1969 , becoming the last mayor to be chosen by the city council .
In 1971 , LaRue ran for a second term in Austin 's first direct mayoral election .
However , LaRue was soundly defeated by challenger Roy Butler in a landslide election .
Butler received 65 % of the voter , while incumbent Mayor LaRue garnered just 15 % .
LaRue died on November 14 , 2009 , at the age of 96 .
A private memorial service was held at the Weed - Corley - Fish funeral home in Austin .
In a statement , current Mayor of Austin Lee Leffingwell expressed condolences on LaRue 's death , " Mayor LaRue served during a period when the City Council chose one of their own to serve as mayor .
As a public servant , Mayor Larue dedicated much of his time and energy to ensuring the welfare of our community .
Our deepest condolences go out to the family of Mayor Travis Larue .
" Ironically , LaRue died just one day after the death of his successor as Mayor of Austin , Roy Butler .
Butler died of complications from a fall on November 13 , 2009 , at the age of 83 .

Li Qi
Li Qi may refer to :

Čelo
Čelo means " forehead " in the Slavic languages .
It may refer to :

Gayle , Jamaica
Gayle is a settlement in Jamaica .
It has a population of 3,238 as of 2009 .

2006 Los Angeles Sparks season
The 2006 WNBA season was the tenth season for the Los Angeles Sparks .
The team went for the best record in the West , but were still unable to return to the WNBA Finals , losing in the conference finals to the Sacramento Monarchs , 2 games to 0 .
Offseason .
Expansion Draft .
Laura Macchi was selected by the Chicago Sky in the Expansion Draft .

Geoffrey H. Arnott
Geoffrey Harold Arnott ( 4 February 19023 April 1986 ) was an Australian company director and chairman of Arnott 's .
Early life .
Arnott was born in Waratah , New South Wales , and attended Newington College ( 1918-1920 ) .
Business career .
Geoffrey Arnott worked at Arnott ’s starting in 1921 , where he began in the factory as part of the engineering shop .
He transitioned to the administrative side 10 years later , and assisted with the provision of food supplies during World War II to Australian and Allied forces .
He became the Managing Director in 1954 and a Chairman in 1961 , which he remained until retiring in 1975 .

Golden Grove , Jamaica
Golden Grove is a settlement in the parish of Saint Thomas , Jamaica .
It has a population of 3,057 as of 2009 .
It was established in 1734 as a sugar estate by Andrew Arcedeckne Attorney General of Jamaica , and was subsequently run by his son Chaloner Arcedeckne .

Troller Pantanal
The Pantanal is a mid-size pickup truck made by the Brazilian off-road vehicle manufacturer Troller Veículos Especiais S/A from 2006 to 2008 .
Only 77 Pantanal trucks were built , and all were recalled in February 2008 due to the possibility of cracks forming in the chassis .
Ford , the current owner of Troller , announced that they would take back all 77 trucks , thus making the Pantanal obsolete unless an owner wished to keep their Pantanal .

Dance with the Chorizo
Dance With The Chorizo is an EP by Kid 606 .
It consists of remixes of songs from his album Shout At The Döner .
The song " Another One Bites The Dubstep " features a sample from The Prodigy 's " Breathe " throughout the track .

Gordon Town , Jamaica
Gordon Town is a settlement in Jamaica .
It has a population of 1,067 as of 2009 .

Xavier , Duke of Aquitaine
Xavier Marie Joseph de France ( 8 September 1753 – 22 February 1754 ) was a " fils de France " of the House of Bourbon .
At birth he was given the title of Duke of Aquitaine by his grandfather , Louis XV of France .
He was the third surviving child and the second son of the Dauphin Louis de France and Princess Maria Josepha of Saxony .
Xavier was put in the care of Marie Isabelle de Rohan , " duchesse de Tallard " .
He died at the age of five months at Versailles after a fit of convulsions .
He was buried at the Basilica of St Denis .

Guy 's Hill , Jamaica
Guy 's Hill is a settlement in Jamaica .
It has a population of 3,198 as of 2009 .

Luju
Luju ( 廬劇; pinyin : Lújù ; formerly known as 倒七戲 ) is a variety of Chinese opera from the east-central province of Anhui , China .

Erika Brown
Erika Brown ( born January 25 , 1973 in Madison , Wisconsin ) is an American curler , currently residing in Oakville , Ontario , Canada .
She started curling in 1980 and throws right - handed .
Career .
As a 15 - year - old , Brown represent the United States at the 1988 Winter Olympics when curling was a demonstration event .
Brown played third on the team , skipped by Lisa Schoeneberg , and the team finished 5th .
Brown then had a successful junior career , representing the United States at six ( 1988 , 1989 , 1991 , 1992 , 1993 , 1994 ) World Junior Curling Championships , winning silver in 1992 and 1993 and a bronze in 1993 .
Erika Brown has participated in sixteen different United States National Championships beginning with a second place finish in 1991 .
In 1995 she won her first national championships and would go on to compete in the 1995 Brandon World Championships where her team placed fifth with a 4 – 5 record .
Her second trip to the world championships proved more successful as her team won the silver medal behind Team Canada .
She picked up a second World Championship silver medal in 1999 as the third for Patti Lank 's team .
Erika Brown competed at the 2010 US Olympic Trials .
She finished fourth in the round robin portion of the tournament .
In the 3 vs. 4 playoff she faced her former skip Patti Lank , but lost .
Upon their win at the 2013 United States Women 's Curling Championship , Brown and her team were qualified to participate at the 2014 United States Olympic Curling Trials .
They finished first in the round robin standings and defeated Allison Pottinger in a best-of-three series final to clinch the berth to the Olympics .
At the 2014 Winter Olympics , she led her American team to a 10th place finish , with a 1-8 record .
Personal life .
Brown is married to three-time World Champion Ian Tetley .
Her brother Craig is also an Olympic curler .
She works as a Physician Assistant in Hamilton , Ontario .
Teammates .
1998 Nagano Olympic Games 1999 Saint John World Championships 2010 United States National Curling Championships 2010 Ford World Women 's Curling Championship

Hayes , Jamaica
Hayes is a settlement in Jamaica .
It has a population of 10,639 as of 2011 .

Armando Torres Chibrás
Armando Torres Chibrás is an orchestral conductor , with extended activities as scholar [ , lecturer , academic jury , author and arts leader born in Mexico City .
He is currently Head of the Orchestral Academy Program of El Sistema - Mexico ( Sistema Nacional de Fomento Musical ) , an agency of the National Council for Culture and the Arts of Mexico .
Torres Chibrás has guest - conducted some of the Mexican leading orchestras , including the National Symphony Orchestra of Mexico , the Querétaro Philharmonic Orchestra ( Orquesta Filarmónica del Estado de Querétaro ) , the UNAM Philharmonic Orchestra ( OFUNAM ) , the IPN Symphony Orchestra , the State of Michoacán Symphony , the State of Puebla Symphony Orchestra , the Toluca Philharmonic , the Symphony Orchestra of the Autonomous University of the State of Hidalgo , the University of Guanajuato Symphony Orchestra , the Camerata of Querétaro Philharmonic , the Fine Arts Chamber Orchestra , or the Carlos Chávez Youth Symphony Orchestra .
Torres Chibrás is as well the author of " , " a biography of the Mexican conductor and composer of the celebrated orchestral fantasy " Huapango " for orchestra .

Highgate , Jamaica
Highgate is a settlement in Jamaica .
It has a population of 5,474 as of 2009 .

Hank Raymonds
Henry C. " Hank " Raymonds ( March 5 , 1924 – December 6 , 2010 ) was an American basketball player , coach , and college athletics administrator .
He served as the head basketball coach at Christian Brothers College from 1955 to 1961 Marquette University from 1977 to 1983 .
Raymonds was also the athletic director at Marquette from 1977 to 1987 .
Biography .
Early life .
At St. Louis University High School , Raymonds was a three-sport standout in baseball , basketball and football .
He played one season each of varsity basketball and baseball at Saint Louis University before entering the US Marines in 1943 .
Following World War II , Raymonds returned to St. Louis University and earned three additional letters each in basketball and baseball , and was named to the All - Missouri Valley Conference team as guard in 1946 .
He was a member of Eddie Hickey 's 1948 Billiken squad that won the National Invitation Tournament championship with a 24–3 record .
Raymonds was graduated from St. Louis University in January 1949 , with a bachelor 's degree in education .
His baseball talents drew the attention of major league scouts , and he was signed to a contract by the old Boston Braves .
Coaching career .
After one year as an insurance agent , Raymonds was persuaded to try coaching .
In five seasons at St. Louis University High School he compiled a 108–23 record ( .824 ) .
His Junior Billikens won the 1952 Missouri State championship and were state runnersup in 1953 .
While coaching at the high school , Raymonds also guided the 1955 St. Louis University baseball squad to a 15 –5 record and the championship of its division in the Missouri Valley Conference .
Moving into the college ranks in 1955 at Christian Brothers College in Memphis , Tennessee , Raymonds transformed a weak program into a small college power with a six-year record of 110–50 ( .688 ) .
Under Raymonds ' guidance , CBC won three NAIA District 27 titles .
Raymonds joined the Marquette coaching ranks in 1961 as assistant basketball coach to Eddie Hickey , and coached the MU freshman and junior varsity squads from 1964 to 1973 .
His teams recorded an impressive 127 wins with only 18 losses .
As assistant coach to Hickey 's successor , Al McGuire , Raymonds was recognized as the skilled technician who coordinated and disciplined the Marquette attack .
Raymonds was head basketball coach at Marquette from 1977 to 1983 and compiled a record of 126–50 ( .716 ) in six seasons .
His teams reached post-season competition in each of the years that he was head coach .
His overall record at the collegiate level is 236–100 in 12 seasons .
Awards .
Raymonds is a member of the Wisconsin Basketball Coaches Association Hall of Fame as well as the St. Louis University Sports Hall of Fame as well as Marquette University 's M Club Hall of Fame .
He was elected to the Wisconsin Athletic Hall of Fame in 2005 .

Hope Bay , Jamaica
Hope Bay is a settlement in Jamaica .
It had a population of 1,646 as of 2009 .

Pranas Domšaitis
Pranas Domšaitis ( born Franz Domscheit , 15 August 1880 – 14 November 1965 ) was a painter .
Born in Cropiens , a village in the Kingdom of Prussia near its border with Lithuania , Domšaitis spent his first 27 years as a farmer .
Under the sponsorship of Max Liebermann he enrolled at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Königsberg in 1907 , graduating in 1910 ; this was his first formal schooling .
He then travelled to , and studied at , various European capitals ; he was strongly influenced by a meeting with Edvard Munch .
He befriended and travelled with the artist Fritz Ascher from Berlin , who drew a portrait of him in 1919/20 .
He spent World War I partially on his parents ' farm and partially in military service , and then resumed his travels and artistic career .
His successful exhibitions in Germany , Switzerland , Austria , Romania , and Turkey were disastrously followed by his inclusion in a 1937 exhibition of Degenerate art and the removal of his works from German museums .
In 1938 he began signing his pictures using the Lithuanian version of his name ( he had taken Lithuanian citizenship in 1920 ) .
He spent the war painting " harmless " still lifes .
In 1949 the University of Cape Town in South Africa offered his wife , the singer Adelheid Armhold , a position as a senior lecturer .
He spent the rest of his life there .
His youthful style has been described as romantic realism or as spiritual impressionism , his later as a melding of " ... Chagall 's enchanting visions , the guileless piety of Rouault , the resonant colour of the expressionists , and the intuitive wisdom of the peasant .
" Landscapes and village life were frequent themes , along with Christian narratives , particularly the Annunciation , the Crucifixion , and the Flight into Egypt .
Domšaitis 's works are held at the Pranas Domšaitis Gallery in Klaipėda , Lithuania , the M. K. Čiurlionis National Art Museum in Kaunas , Lithuania , the Pretoria Art Museum , the National Gallery of Zimbabwe , and the National Gallery in Berlin , among others .
Many of his interwar works have disappeared .

Nigerian Civil Service
The Nigerian Civil Service consists of employees in Nigerian government agencies other than the military .
Most employees are career civil servants in the Nigerian ministries , progressing based on qualifications and seniority .
Recently the head of the service has been introducing measures to make the ministries more efficient and responsive to the public .
History .
The Nigerian Civil Service has its origins in organizations established by the British in colonial times .
Nigeria gained full independence in October 1960 under a constitution that provided for a parliamentary government and a substantial measure of self-government for the country 's three regions .
Since then , various panels have studied and made recommendations for reforming of the Civil Service , including the Margan Commission of 1963 , the Adebo Commission of 1971 and the Udoji Commission of 1972-74 .
A major change occurred with the adoption in 1979 of a constitution modeled on that of the United States .
The Dotun Philips Panel of 1985 attempted to reform to the Civil Service .
The 1988 Civil Service Reorganization Decree promulgated by General Ibrahim Babangida had a major impact on the structure and efficiency of the Civil Service .
The later report of the Ayida Panel made recommendations to reverse some of the past innovations and to return to the more efficient Civil Service of earlier years .
The Civil Service has been undergoing gradual and systematic reforms and restructuring since May 29 , 1999 after decades of military rule .
However , the civil service is still considered stagnant and inefficient , and the attempts made in the past by panels have had little effect .
In August 2009 the Head of the Civil Service , Stephen Osagiede Oronsaye , proposed reforms where permanent secretaries and directors would spend a maximum of eight years in office .
The reform , approved by President Umaru Yar ' Adua , would result in massive retirement of Permanent Secretaries and Directors , many of whom are from the North .
Stephen Oronsaye has said that his goal is for the Nigerian civil service to be among the best organized and managed in the world .
Oronsaye retired in November 2010 at the statutory age of 60 and was succeeded by Oladapo Afolabi .
Organization .
The civil service is mainly organized around the federal ministries , headed by a minister appointed by the President of Nigeria , who must include at least one member of each of the 36 states in his cabinet .
The President 's appointments are confirmed by the Senate of Nigeria .
There are less than 36 ministries .
In some cases a Federal minister is responsible for more than one ministry ( e.g. Environment and Housing may be combined ) and a minister may be assisted by one or more ministers of State .
Each ministry also has a Permanent Secretary , who is a senior civil servant .
The ministries are responsible for various [ parastatals ( government - owned corporations ) such as universities ( Education ) , National Broadcasting Commission , Information and Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation .
Other parastatals are the responsibility of the Office of the Presidency , such as the Independent National Electoral Commission , the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission and the Federal Civil Service Commission .
The service has six additional units which provide services to all departments on the Civil Service : Budget .
A sense of the relative expenditure on the different areas is given by the table below , which shows the 2008 budget for Federal ministries , departments and agencies .
Note : As of January 2008 , one Naira was worth about 0.0057 Euros , or 0.0084 US Dollars .
Permanent Secretaries .
Permanent secretaries head the civil service departments .
In August 2009 , Stephen Oronsaye announced a major reshuffle where almost half of the permanent secretaries were assigned to new departments .
A partial list of the new line-up as of December 2009 follows : Commissions .
theophilus erebho , unn , PALG

Islington , Jamaica
Islington is a settlement in Jamaica .
It has a population of 2,897 as of 2009 .

Larkton
Larkton is a civil parish in the Borough of Cheshire West and Chester and ceremonial county of Cheshire in England .
It has a population of 28 .
The parish contains one structure designated by English Heritage as a listed building .
This is Larkton House , a stone farmhouse dating from the late 18th century , which is listed at Grade II .

Kellits , Jamaica
Kellits is a settlement in Jamaica .
It has a population of 2,658 as of 2009 .
It most probably takes its name from the landholding of Moses Kellet , assembly man for the parish of Clarendon in the 1750s .
although records give even earlier reference to one George Kellet of Clarendon and his son Henry born in 1698 .

Lionel Town , Jamaica
Lionel Town is a settlement in the Clarendon parish of Jamaica .
It has a population of 5,416 as of 2009 .
Lionel Town has a Community Hospital .

Puju
Puju ( 蒲剧; also known as Puzhou bangzi , 蒲州梆子 ) is a variety of Chinese opera from southern Shanxi , China .
It is a very old art form , and makes use of very wide linear intervals .

List of people from Grenoble
The following is a list of notable people born in or associated with the French city of Grenoble , Isère .
Grenoblois natives .
The city was the birthplace of the following people Grenoblois residents .
The following people have resided in Grenoble .
" ( sorted by year of birth ) "

Electoral results for the Division of Bourke
This is a list of electoral results for the Division of Bourke in Australian federal elections from the division 's creation in 1901 until its abolition in 1949 .

Nymphaea ondinea
Nymphaea ondinea is an flowering aquatic plant in the family Nymphaeaceae native to northwestern Australia .
Originally classified in its own genus as " Ondinea purpurea " , molecular studies have shown that it is morphologically aberrant species of " Nymphaea " , to which it has been transferred .
It grows from a corm - like rhizome and is found in ephemeral pools and rivers that are dry for a significant portion of the year .
The rhizome survives the dry season in drying mud .
The species lacks an aril , appendages on the carpel , a corolla , and certain other characteristics that sets it apart from other " Nymphaea " .
It is a small plant that grows , among other places , in shallow creeks of the Kimberley region of Western Australia .
It grows from a rhizome that is about 2.5 cm long , and has leaves that are approximately 25 cm long , mostly submerged but with the occasional small floating leaf .

Lluidas Vale , Jamaica
Lluidas Vale is a settlement in Jamaica .
It has a population of 3,413 as of 2009 .

Camp Lyon ( California )
Camp Lyon , sometimes called Fort Lyon , was established in 1862 during the Bald Hills War midway between Fort Anderson and Fort Baker .
It was a temporary California Volunteer post located at Brehmer 's Ranch on the Mad River , about 20 miles southeast of Arcata , California near Kneeland , California .
Company K , 2nd Regiment California Volunteer Infantry was ordered to Camp Lyon December , 1861 , and served there until the fort was abandoned With the abandonment of Fort Lyon , Fort Anderson took over its area of responsibility to meet that of Fort Baker .

Maggotty
Maggotty is a settlement in Jamaica .
It has a population of 1,335 as of 2009.Maggotty was a Bauxite mining town in the 1960s and 1970s .
The Revere Bauxite plant polluted the longest river on the Island of Jamaica , the Black river .
The small town also consist of three schools neighboring each other an high school " Maggotty High school " , a primary school " Glen Stuart Primary " and a infant school " Maggotty Basic School .

Memory conformity
Memory conformity , also known as social contagion of memory , refers to a situation in which one person 's report of a memory influences another person ’s report of that same experience .
This interference often occurs when individuals discuss what they saw or experienced , and can result in the memories of those involved being influenced by the report of another person .
Research on memory conformity has revealed that such suggestibility has far reaching consequences , with important legal and social implications .
It is one of many social influences on memory .
A major component of memory conformity is source monitoring ( or source memory ) .
Source monitoring refers to the process by which an individual determines where they learned certain information ( friend , TV show , teacher etc. ) .
A source - monitoring error can lead to an incorrect internal attribution of a memory ( a belief that the memory was made from first-hand experience ) , when in reality that information had an external source ( someone else relayed that material / memory ) .
Studies have shown that social interaction can increase source - monitoring errors , with some studies showing that participants attributed their memory to an incorrect source approximately 50 % of the time .
Three ways that contribute to memory conformity are : normative influences , information influences and memory distortion .
Normative and informational influences on memory are both social influences that can lead to conformity ( a modification of behavior in response to actual or imagined pressure from others ) .
Social influence can have a strong impact on the retrieval process of memories .
Potential social conformity may be affected by factors such as power and confidence ( both in oneself and in the credibility of a collaborator ) .
This influence can alter memories , making them partially or entirely false .
Memory distortion , closely tied with the misinformation effect , describes an impairment in memory that surfaces after exposure to misleading information .
Memory conformity is prominent in situations involving social interaction , media broadcasting and eyewitness testimony .
Memory conformity in and out of lab settings .
Famous examples .
A fairly recent example of memory conformity occurred in 2003 after the murder of former Swedish foreign minister , Anna Lindh .
Immediately after the crime was committed , witnesses were put in a room together so they could not leave the scene of the crime until they were interviewed .
The witnesses discussed the scene with each other while in the room , contrary to what they were told to do .
The specific descriptions the witnesses gave about the perpetrator upon leaving the room were influenced by each other , causing the police to collect false information about the perpetrator while initially searching for him or her .
The perpetrator , Mijailo Mijailovic , was caught on camera and did not match the descriptions that the eyewitnesses gave .
Conclusions have been made that the cause of this false search was rooted in witnesses discussion of their accounts with one another , which led to co - witness influence .
Another well-known case of memory conformity happened with the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing .
Three employees were working at the location where Timothy McVeigh rented the truck that was used in the bombing .
Two of the witnesses originally thought that McVeigh was by himself , but the third believed that there was an accomplice .
Later , after the three were left to discuss the event , the other two came to the conclusion that there was indeed a second man who assisted McVeigh .
The FBI now believes that this “ accomplice ” never existed despite their initial search for him or her .
The employee who claimed to have seen an accomplice most likely unintentionally influenced the other two employees , causing them to make later claims about an accomplice as well .
A third example is a rather odd event that occurred in 1941 .
Reportedly , Rudolf Hess , Adolf Hitler 's Chief of Staff , flew to Scotland to present The Duke of Hamilton with a peace proposal between Germany and Britain .
He parachuted from his aircraft some miles off course and was apprehended and held until two people who had met him years before could be brought to identify him as Rudolf Hess .
Prior to their meeting with Hess , the two individuals heard a radio report that Rudolf Hess had parachuted into Scotland and had been apprehended .
This report colored their confirmation of Hess 's identity when the man in question was shown to them .
Despite the fact that about a hundred people in London could have positively identified Hess , the identification was made by these two men who believed it was Hess they were about to identify due to the report they had heard .
No other people were ever called to identify Hess in subsequent years , and there has been speculation that a double had impersonated Hess in this event .
Creating memory conformity in a lab setting .
Memory conformity and resulting misinformation can be either encountered socially ( discourse between two or more people ) or brought about by a non - social source .
One study found that if an individual was given false information during a post-event discussion , the accuracy of the individual ’s memory was lowered , but if the individual was given accurate information during the discussion , then their recall was more accurate .
Even when the subjects initial memories were very accurate , individuals who discussed their memory with someone who had witnessed a slightly different scene exhibited a decrease in accuracy due to conformity .
Simply hearing another individual ’s report on an event is enough to alter one ’s confidence in one 's own recalled memory .
Memory conformity has been shown to occur on tasks involving both free recall and recognition , with study participants being more likely to provide inaccurate details of photographs after having discussed them with another participant .
Memory conformity is frequently created in the lab through the use of photos or videos that depict crime scenes .
In many of these studies , participants are led to believe that they had all viewed the same scene , but in reality the videos and photos that they had been exposed to were slightly different for each participant , or they were introduced to a confederate who reports a different memory of the same event .
After viewing , the participants are tested on their initial accuracy , and then allowed to discuss their memory with others to see how social interaction affects the accuracy of their memories .
An early study found that despite having seen different scenes , 79 % of pairs were able to come to an agreed-upon conclusion , meaning that nearly half of the individuals conformed to the other member of his or her pair .
It is worth noting that , in this study , 98 % of participants were initially accurate in their first recall of the scene .
Underlying mechanisms .
Social influences .
Normative influence , first suggested by Asch in 1955 , states that in social situations , people are more likely to make statements that they do not believe in order to conform to social norms and to gain social acceptance .
For example , research has shown that people who have social interactions after an event are more likely to change their thoughts about the event to something other than what they actually witnessed .
In one experiment , 60 % of participants reported findings that they could not possibly have witnessed .
Further highlighting the social influence on memory conformity , studies have shown that social avoidance is linked to a decrease in memory conformity in that those who are inclined towards social avoidance are less likely to be influenced by others , and therefore less likely to experience memory conformity .
Information influence describes a kind of conformity in which people tend to report what someone else has stated previously because they depend on the other person to resolve uncertainty .
People are more likely to conform if they believe that their information source had more time to learn the materials , had better visual acuity , or expressed high confidence in their judgment .
One study found that those considered to be high-power individuals are more likely to influence those deemed to be low - power .
High - power people are more likely to express themselves and lead discussions , while lower-power individuals will tend to follow and depend upon the more confident individual .
Research has also shown that the strength of a relationship between individuals can affect their levels of conformity .
Studies exploring levels of conformity between acquaintances and friends , and between strangers and romantic partners show that pairs of individuals with stronger relationships are more susceptible to memory conformity .
Memory distortion .
Memory distortion occurs when people report information that has been suggested after an event .
Information presented after the encoding of a specific memory is called post-event information ( PEI ) .
Distortion of previously encoded memory due to the introduction of new PEI is called retroactive interference .
One can experience distortion due to PEI when those who witnessed the same event or took part in the same experience talk about what they saw or experienced .
Information acquired during a conversation with another eyewitness about a previous event can create false memories about the initial experience .
In a study about eyewitness testimony and memory conformity , two different groups were tested on the validity of their recall .
Both watched the same video , but only one group was allowed to discuss the events in the video before the eyewitnesses had a recall test .
According to the study , " a significant proportion ( 71 % ) of witnesses who had discussed the event went on to mistakenly recall items acquired during the discussion " .
In the experimental group , the post-event discussion worked to significantly distort witness memory .
A number of factors can work to create this post-event memory distortion .
Hindsight bias , the tendency to alter a previous judgement in the face of new information , and source misattribution ( see source - monitoring error ) work to create memory conformity through post-event memory distortion .
Important variables in memory conformity .
Age .
Researchers believe that old age and subsequent declines in memory may cause individuals to rely more heavily on external aids such as conversations with others to improve recall .
This research would suggest that older adults are more susceptible to social influences on memory conformity .
One study examining suggestibility found that older adults ( average age 76 ) experienced more memory distortion when introduced to misleading information than did young adults ( average age 20 ) .
Despite these findings , another study examined levels of conformity following group discussion of a mutually witnessed event , but significant difference in the performance of younger and older participants was not found .
On the other end of the spectrum , children may also be more susceptible to memory conformity than young adults .
One study found that when children ( ages 3–5 ) were asked to freely recall an event with a co - witness ( who had seen a slightly different version of that same event ) , both children expressed social conformity in the presence of the co - witness and also exhibited memory distortion in an independent factual test afterwards .
Other studies have gone further and found enhanced suggestibility and comparatively worse memory recall with younger children ( ages 3–4 ) than older children ( ages 10–12 ) .
Other studies have shown that adolescents are much more susceptible to peer influence and may therefore be more susceptible to the social influences of conformity than are young adults .
Confidence ( or lack thereof ) .
An individual is more likely to conform their memories to another 's if the individual is uncertain about the accuracy of his or her own recall .
Confidence plays an important role in uncertainty : people who are less confident are more likely to conform to the reports of others whom they suspect of having a better memory .
This effect was demonstrated in a study that involved showing pairs of participants a set of photographs of a crime .
Some photos contained images of an accomplice , while others did not .
Immediately after seeing these photographs , participants were asked about the presence of an accomplice in the photographs , as well as their level of confidence in their reports .
Initial reports were highly accurate , but after being placed in pairs where each person had seen a slightly different photograph , this pattern changed .
Seventy-five percent of the pairs exhibited memory conformity , with one half of the dyad conforming to the other .
In almost every case , the less conﬁdent person in the pair accepted the more conﬁdent person ’s memory as the correct one .
Internal confidence at the time of memory encoding also affects general social confidence levels .
An individual 's reliance on another person 's memory is constantly changing as the initial encoder takes into account the conditions under which he / she first perceived the event , as well as the conditions ( or believed conditions ) under which another individual perceived that event .
One study showed that levels of memory conformity between individuals varied based on confidence in the comparative quality of initial viewing conditions .
Study participants who thought that they had had less time to view a scene than did another individual were much more likely to conform to that individual 's report of an event , while participants who believed their initial viewing window to be longer were less likely to conform .
Group size .
Studies have shown that there is a negative relationship between social influence and group size ( meaning there is a stronger relationship with a smaller group ) .
Researchers suggest that the influence of group size on conformity is determined by the absence or presence of dissenters , or those disagreeing with the larger group .
The presence of dissenters works to decrease the overall group certainty and group unity , which decreases social conformity amongst group members , thus increasing individual internal reliance .
Research suggests that the clarity of a participant 's recollection of a memory plays a role in within - group recollection : as clarity and internal confidence increase , the pressure to conform to the group decreases .
The same research goes on to show that false reports from confederates within a group influence participants more heavily when they are not confident in the accuracy of their memories than when they are internally confident in the accuracy of their memories .
Social anxiety .
Researchers report social anxiety as having two significant components : fear of negative evaluation and social avoidance .
It has been suggested that people with a fear of negative evaluation are more likely to be inﬂuenced by their peers , while those with a tendency for social avoidance are less likely to be influenced by their peers .
The individuals concerned with negative evaluation are more likely to comply , as disagreeing with their peers is seen as having a higher cost than the cost of being wrong .
Individuals with high levels of social avoidance , on the other hand , place less value on the information provided by others , and are less likely to pay attention to it , resulting in a lower level of conformity .
Resisting memory conformity .
Prewarnings are warnings given to individuals after an event but before social interaction ( when misinformation can be introduced ) .
These warnings are meant to guard an individual against potential memory conformity .
They can be warnings against the credibility of a witness or any other attempts to encourage the individual trust internal sources and resist external conformity .
For many lab experiments , these prewarnings have consistently been effective in decreasing memory conformity .
Some prewarnings can work paradoxically to increase memory conformity by overly sensitizing the initial viewer , who then mistakenly incorporates incorrect post-event information into their initial memory .
Postwarnings are post-event attempts to reduce conformity .
The misinformation effect can occur when the memory of an eyewitness is influenced by misinformation that is presented after an event .
Studies have found that social " postwarnings , " like characterizing an individual as having low credibility after the misinformation has been introduced , can reduce the misinformation or memory conformity effect .
The success of postwarnings depends on the motivation of the individual to be accurate and the individual 's perceived threat of being unduly influenced .
Even in the face of these postwarnings , many individuals still show memory conformity .
Some research has even shown that postwarnings can cause witnesses to overcorrect their memory exclusion and to neglect to report correct memories that were appropriately gained during the time or experience in question .
Despite that , other studies have found that postwarnings were an effective way to reduce the memory conformity effect .
In one experiment , participants were first shown a crime video and then presented with nonwitnessed details ( details not in the original video ) either through a discussion group , by reading a report , or by watching another version of the video .
All three groups similarly reported nonwitnessed details after the first rendition of the experiment , but when the experiment was later repeated and participants were warned against incorporating details from their post - video groups , all three groups showed a significant decrease in report of nonwitnessed details .
This postwarning worked to encourage more sensitive source monitoring , which caused a decrease in conformity .
Researchers have investigated if the timing of these postwarnings is important or not .
Some researchers have found postwarnings to be ineffective at reducing memory conformity .
In one study that found no results from postwarnings , the experimenters warned their subjects one week after they were misinformed .
Another study , which found postwarnings to have a significant effect on conformity , presented the warning soon after participants were exposed to the false information .
A more recent study found that postwarnings were ineffective at reducing memory conformity , and that providing these warnings at different times after exposure to misinformation did not matter .
However , this specific study was different from others that found postwarnings to be effective because experimenters did not test all of their participants in one session , which means the warnings were given shortly after the initial event was encoded and the misinformation was presented .
Implications .
Legal implications .
The most common cause of the wrongful conviction of innocent people is false testimony due to eyewitness errors .
Eyewitnesses can encounter post-event information after witnessing a crime .
Post - event information comes in three basic types , the first of which is due to the impact that a biased or leading question can have on altering an eyewitness 's memory of the event .
The second type occurs when the eyewitness is retold the events that they witnessed .
False information included within the retelling is often incorporated into the eyewitness 's memories , thus altering their perception of the events that occurred .
The third type of post-event information originates from conversations with others .
Recent research has shown that there is a critical period for eyewitnesses that occurs before they get to report their side of the story .
During this time , they are most susceptible to outside influences contaminating their version of the events .
The effects of witness discussion on memory are even more enhanced when the witnesses know each other well .
People are more likely to believe information , regardless of whether it is true or false , when it comes from someone they know — say , a friend or significant other .
Such a person could be viewed with more credibility than a stranger for a variety of reasons , including a greater trust and familiarity in the relationship .
This kind of pattern falls under a larger trend that the perceived credibility of the person providing external information has significant influence over memory conformity .
The way in which witnesses retrieve memory is also an important factor in the likelihood of an individual expressing memory conformity .
Studies have shown that when participants were asked to discuss their memories of a violent crime video in terms of their emotions , they had higher levels of subjectivity and major errors in free recall .
One of The Seven Sins of Memory is suggestibility .
Interaction with other people changes the pool of information that one has about an event and can sway one 's thoughts on how the event actually unfolded .
This suggestibility seems to be the most common way in which post-event information distortion occurs in a legal setting because often , witnesses cannot be prevented from talking to one another .
That said , there are multiple factors that affect the potential for suggestibility in a witness .
More accurate memories are also less susceptible to memory conformity than less accurate ones .
This finding is important for legal situations because it may be logically deduced that a witness with a more accurate memory of the event in question will be less likely to change his or her story after discussing it with other witnesses , and someone with a less accurate recollection could be more prone to conform .
Everyday implications .
False autobiographical memories can also occur over time .
In a recent study , 43 % of subjects remembered a childhood event that they never actually experienced .
These naturally-occurring autobiographical memories can span a large temporal range , from recent events to childhood memories .
These memories also contain weak perceptual detail , which makes them similar to real childhood memories and thus more believable to the person .
First-born children are also more likely than their later-born siblings to dominate a discussion and encounter conformity errors .
In one study , later-born children were more influenced if they had reason to believe that the information given to them was more valid then the information they themselves possessed .
First-born children were relatively unaffected by informational value and were more influenced by their motivation to either go along with or to resist the expectations of the majority .
Discussion of memory conformity is also particularly relevant in today 's age of mass advertisement .
Research suggests that our predisposition to trust the judgment of a group can be affected by political campaigns and advertising , and even work to alter personal beliefs .
These brain imaging studies go on to show that conformity can be seen at the neurological level when an individual changes his or her personal beliefs due to social influence ( called private conformity ) .
The same work has shown that individuals can outwardly conform by seeming to support a group 's beliefs or decisions ( public conformity ) , but without the private conformity and the subsequent neurological changes .
Potential benefits .
Analyses of memory conformity typically focus entirely on its negative consequences , such as witness memory distortion ; however , there are some benefits to memory conformity .
In fact , some psychologists posit that memory conformity more often results in positive outcomes than negative ones .
When an individual is not confident in the information he or she alone possesses ( high subjective uncertainty ) , reverting to external sources for help usually has no greater potential for an inaccurate memory report than sticking with the original , shaky memory .
When the stakes are not as high as something like a criminal trial , other people are a readily available and highly useful means for helping to recall memories .

Shout at the Döner
Shout at the Döner is a 2009 studio album by American electronic musician Kid606 .
The cover art of " Shout At The Döner " is based on the cover art of " Shout at the Devil " by Mötley Crüe .
The album is separated into four movements .
Remixes of the songs " Be Monophobic With Me " , " Samhain California " , and " Baltimorrow 's Parties " appear on the " Be Monophobic With Me " EP .
Many of the songs also appear remixed on his " Dance With The Chorizo " .
Track listing .
Movement One Movement Two Movement Three Movement Four

Manchioneal , Jamaica
Manchioneal is a settlement in Jamaica .
It has a population of 2,292 as of 2009 .

Dial &quot; S &quot; for Sonny
Dial " S " for Sonny is the debut album by jazz pianist Sonny Clark recorded for the Blue Note label and performed by Clark with Art Farmer , Curtis Fuller , Hank Mobley , Wilbur Ware , and Louis Hayes .
Reception .
Critic John S. Wilson , in a contemporaneous review , remarked negatively that " Art Farmer contributes some crackling solos to Dial S for Sonny , [ ... ] but he has to fight a chomp-chomp rhythm section " .
The album was awarded 3 stars by Stephen Thomas Erlewine in an Allmusic review which stated : " " Dial " S " for Sonny " , Sonny Clark 's first session for Blue Note Records and his first session as a leader , is a terrific set of laidback bop , highlighted by Clark 's liquid , swinging solos ... Clark steals the show in this set of fine , straight-ahead bop . "

Rides a Dread Legion
Rides a Dread Legion is a fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist .
It is the first book in the " The Demonwar Saga " and was published in 2009 .
It is followed by " At the Gates of Darkness " .
Background .
" Rides a Dread Legion " was first published in Australia and the United Kingdom at the beginning of March 2009 .
It was released in the United States at the end of March and in New Zealand in September 2009 .
It has also been translated into Dutch , Hungarian and Czech .
Synopsis .
Ten years after the cataclysmic events of " Wrath of a Mad God " , Midkemia now faces a new danger thought buried in myth and antiquity .
A lost race of elves , the taredhel or ' people of the stars ' , have found a way across the universe to reach Midkemia .
On their current home world , these elves are hard pressed by a ravaging demon horde , and what was once a huge empire has been reduced to a handful of survivors .
The cornerstone of taredhel lore is the tale of their lost origins in the world they call simply ' Home ' , a place lost in the mists of time .
Now they are convinced that Midkemia is that place , and they are coming to reclaim it .
Ruthless and arrogant , the taredhel intend to let nothing stand in their way ; but before long , Pug and the Conclave realise that it 's not necessarily the elves , but the demon horde pursuing them where the true danger lies .
And hanging over Pug always is the prophecy that he will be doomed to watch everyone he loves die before him .
Reception .
" The Independent Weekly " stated that " despite the driving force of the book being a basic survival engine , there is enough brio to allow the reader to be entertained . "

Valley Bend , Barbour County , West Virginia
Valley Bend is an unincorporated community in Barbour County , West Virginia , United States .
Valley Bend is located on U.S. Route 250 northwest of Belington .

Maroon Town , Jamaica
Maroon Town is a settlement in Jamaica .
It has a population of 3,122 as of 2009 .

2005 Russian Figure Skating Championships
The 2005 Russian Figure Skating Championships ( ) is held annually to determine the Russian national champions .
Skaters compete in the disciplines of men 's singles , ladies singles , pair skating , and ice dancing .
The results of the 2005 Nationals were one of the criteria used to pick the Russian teams to the 2005 European Figure Skating Championships , and the 2005 World Figure Skating Championships .
The 2005 championships took place in St. Petersburg from January 5th through 8th , 2005 .

Margaret Macrae
Margaret Macrae is a former swimming representative from New Zealand .
At the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games she won the bronze medal in the women 's 220 yards backstroke .
During the Games she competed in a variety of events including the 110 yards backstroke , 440 yards freestyle and 440 yards medley relay .
Macrae competed at the previous British Empire and Commonwealth Games in Perth where she came 7th in both the 110 and 220 yards backstroke .

Aristotelis Kalentzis
Aristotelis Irakleous Kalentzis ( also " Aristotelis Kalentzis " or " Aristoteles Kalentzis " ; ) , is a Greek national socialist horseback archery instructor and author who was sentenced in 1977 to 12 years in prison for terrorist activities ( causing explosions , possession of explosives ) .
After his release from prison , he was interviewed by journalist Greek TV reportage show " Made In Greece " and openly admitted to being a national socialist .
In another part of his interview , he said ( in Greek ) that Adolf Hitler is a " prophet of the World " and " an erratic person for those who can understand the deeper side of History " .
He also said that " violence is in Nature 's game .
National socialists are always in Nature 's game , because they are nothing but a part of Nature .
Now , if violence is necessary to solve some problems , then we will not deny it " ; see the " Τα MME και η κολυμπήθρα του Σιλωάμ ( The Mass Media and the Pool of Siloam ) " reference in the " References and external links " section of this article .
Aristotelis Kalentzis vs. Greece .
On 14 July 1987 , Kalentzis wrote to the European Commission of Human Rights , against Greece claiming that , while he was serving his 12 - year sentence in Korydallos Prison , he was orally and wrongly forbidden by the director of the prison to be in possession of a book he had written , in which he related his experiences during his first years in prison .
His motion was rejected by the Commission .
The case and the Commission 's decision and reasoning are documented in pages 125-166 of the Commission 's publication of proceedings " Décisions et rapports , Volumes 73-74 " ( see external link in the " References and external links " section ) .
In recent years .
After his release , in an interview he gave to Greek strasserist blog ( Μαύρος Κρίνος - Black Lily ) , Kalentzis appeared to have effectively resigned from all political action .
However , he regularly contributes articles on the aforementioned strasserist blog .
He also seems to enjoy some acceptance among some Greek Neopagans , since he is favorably mentioned as an esteemed guest at some festivals of one neopagan group , such as the ( the link provided points to a relevant post in Greek neo-pagan forum theasis.gr , where his name was mentioned right next to the names of people such as National and Kapodistrian University of Athens professor ( Μαρία Τζάνη ) .
However his views are strongly rejected by several Hellen polytheists on the grounds of being totally at odds with Hellenic religion and Cosmotheasis .
He has also emerged as a horseback archery instructor , as he runs a training company for this sport , named .
This company seems to be associated with the Hungarian Kassai school of horseback archery .
See ; most revealing are those of 22 June 2009 ( " 22α Ιουνίου , 2009 " in the webpage 's Greek text ) and 1 July 2009 ( " 1η Ιουλίου , 2009 " in the webpage 's Greek text ) ; these releases reveal Kalentzis ' ties with the Greek neo-pagan movement .
Kalentzis ' horseback archery company has also been practically advertised on 18 November 2009 , exactly one day after the anniversary of the Athens Polytechnic Uprising , in Greek newspaper " Τα Νέα " in an , entitled " Αμαζόνες σε επικίνδυνες αποστολές " ( Amazons in dangerous missions ) .

Middle Quarters , Jamaica
Middle Quarters is a settlement in Saint Elizabeth Parish in Jamaica .

New Market , Jamaica
New Market is a settlement in Saint Elizabeth Parish in Jamaica .

Musekinin Hero
( Eng : Irresponsible Hero ) is the ninth single released by the Japanese boyband Kanjani8 .
The single was the first that featured three separate versions since the release of Kan Fu Fighting .
The two limited edition singles featured different B-side tracks and DVDs of their unit and band performs from the 2009 Summer Concert tour .
The regular edition featured one B side .
This single was released during the height of the 2008 American Presidential Election and the hidden gag for the single was biting off of the then Democrat Presidential Nominee Barack Obama craze that had hit Japan .
Band member Ryuhei Maruyama played a campaigning politician in the promotional video and was featured inside the regular edition CD jacket .
" Musekinin Hero " is currently the group 's most successful single , out performing the success of " Kan Fu Fighting " in just first week sales alone .
The song managed to be the 11th top selling single in 2008 despite its late year release .

Moore Town , Jamaica
Moore Town is a settlement in Jamaica .
It has a population of 1,106 as of 2009 .

Lea Newbold
Lea Newbold is a civil parish in the Borough of Cheshire West and Chester and ceremonial county of Cheshire in England .
It has a population of 8 .

List of Scream Queens episodes
The following is an episode list for the reality series " Scream Queens " .
Season one of the series premiered on VH1 on October 20 , 2008 in the United States .
Season two premiered on August 2 , 2010 .
Episodes .
Season 2 : 2010 .
On August 12 , 2009 , VH1 began casting for a second season of " Scream Queens " .
Season 2 began shooting in November 2009 and premiered in August 2010 , with the winner gaining a role in " Saw 3D " also known as " Saw VII " , the next entry in the " Saw " franchise .
Jaime King replaced Shawnee Smith as mentor and host , while Tim Sullivan replaced James Gunn as the director .

Volga , West Virginia
Volga is an unincorporated community in Barbour County , West Virginia , United States .
Volga is southwest of Philippi .
Volga has a post office with ZIP code 26238 .

Nain , Jamaica
Nain is a settlement in Jamaica .
It has a population of 2,331 as of 2009 .

1975–76 Rangers F. C. season
The 1975–76 season is the 79th season of competitive football by Rangers .
Overview .
Rangers played a total of 55 competitive matches during the 1975-76 season .
The club won a third domestic treble in its history and , what would become , the first of two in three seasons .
This was the first season of the new Premier Division and the previous season 's league flag was hoisted much to the delight of the home support in front of the visitors who just happened to be Celtic .
A tense match ensued and although the visitors took the lead , Derek Johnstone equalised and Quinton Young netted the winner .
The side did not continue this good form and only won five , and lost five , of the next fourteen league matches .
On 13 December the club embarked on a 26 match unbeaten run in the league and cup competitions .
Despite Celtic still having a one-point lead as late as February , Rangers eventually clinched the league at Tannadice , thanks to a Johnstone goal after just 22 seconds , during the third last league match of the season .
The side had won 16 out of the final 21 matches .
The final margin of the title win was six points .
On the domestic cup front , the League Cup was won in the October against Celtic in a lunchtime Old Firm final , which were a feature of that time in trying to curb crowd violence .
An Alex McDonald flying header in the second half , being the difference between the sides .
The 1976 Scottish Cup Final saw Rangers play Heart of Midlothian .
The side got off to a great start when Johnstone netted on 42 seconds .
It was all but over when Alex McDonald scored right on the stroke of half time and Derek Johnstone grabbed a brace late on .
Results .
All results are written with Rangers ' score first .

The Little Lost Child
The Little Lost Child is a popular song of 1894 by Edward B. Marks and Joseph W. Stern which sold more than two million copies of its sheet music following its promotion as the first ever illustrated song , an early precursor to the music video .
The song was also known by its first three words : " A Passing Policeman .
" The song 's success has also been credited to its performance with enthusiasm by Lottie Gilson and Della Fox .
Marks was a button salesman who wrote rhymes and verse , and Stern a necktie salesman who played the piano and wrote tunes .
Together they formed a music publishing house called Joseph W. Stern & Co. and became an important part of the Tin Pan Alley sheet music publishing scene .
Marks wrote the lyrics about a lost little girl found by a policeman , who goes on to find the girl 's mother , who turns out to be the policeman 's estranged wife ; Stern wrote the music for piano and vocals .
Joseph W. Stern & Co. " started their career in a little basement at 314 East Fourteenth Street with a 30 - cent sign and a $ 1 letter box , which to say the least was not large capital even in those days ... " The promoting innovation that made " The Little Lost Child " significant to cultural history was an idea in the mind of George H. Thomas even earlier , in 1892 .
A production of " The Old Homestead " at Brooklyn 's Amphion Theater , where Thomas was chief electrician , featured the song " Where Is My Wandering Boy Tonight ?
" illustrated by a single slide of a young man in a saloon .
Thomas 's idea was to combine a series of images ( using a stereopticon ) to show a narrative while it was being sung .
He approached Stern and Marks about illustrating " The Little Lost Child .
" Lyrics appeared toward the bottom of the images .
The first performance went poorly due to upside-down images of inappropriate size and placement , but these technical difficulties were soon corrected .
The illustrated song technique proved so enduring it was still being used to sell songs before movies and during reel changes in movie theaters as recently as 1937 when some color movies had already begun to appear .
Stern retired in 1920 , and his firm became the Edward B. Marks Music Company , which published a string of hits such as " Strange Fruit " by Abel Meeropol ( and made famous by Billie Holiday ) in 1939 and has been a subsidiary of Carlin America since 1980 .
" The Little Lost Child " was the first of several hit songs Marks and Stern wrote together as well as the first of several their company published , but it became a true sensation and was well-remembered several decades later .
Billboard magazine noted the song 's importance in their " honor roll " in 1949 .
Lyrics and sheet music .
The song 's composition employed a strophic form with a chorus .
The sentimental lyrics comprised a narrative set to music , a new style in the 1890s .
First verse : A passing policeman found a little child , She walked beside him , dried her tears and smiled .
Said he to her kindly now you must not cry , I will find your ma-ma for you bye and bye .
At the station when he asked her for her name , And she answered Jennie , it made him exclaim : " At last of your mother , I have now a trace , Your little features bring back her sweet face . "
Chorus : Do not fear , my little darling , and I will take you home .
Come sit down close beside me , no more from me you shall roam .
For you were a babe in arms , when your mother left me one day .
Left me at home , deserted , alone , and took you , my child , away .

Newcastle , Jamaica
Newcastle is a settlement in the Blue Mountains of Jamaica .
Formerly a military hill station for the British Army it is now a training centre for the Jamaica Defence Force .
Newcastle became a military centre in the 1840s when Major General Sir William Maynard Gomm , Lieutenant Governor of Jamaica ( and Britain 's longest serving soldier ) , observed that yellow fever , a major cause of death among the British troops stationed in Jamaica , was far less prevalent in the mountains .
After unsuccessful attempts to persuade the government to pay for the construction of a military barracks up in the hills , Gomm went ahead with construction of the barracks at the Newcastle coffee plantation on his own initiative .
Construction was subsequently authorised by the Board of Ordnance .
The death toll among the troops posted to the West Indies garrison , formerly regarded as virtually a death sentence , declined dramatically .
During the colonial period until 1959 , Newcastle was used as a " change - of - air camp " by British regiments stationed in Jamaica .
In 1959 Newcastle became the Training Depot of the West Indies Federation 's Federal Defence Force .
When the Federation was dissolved and Jamaica achieved independence in 1962 , Newcastle was part of a general transfer of all military lands in Jamaica to the Jamaican Government .
The Newcastle Barracks are still used by the Jamaica Defence Force as a training centre .
The Blue Mountain and John Crow Mountain National Park in which Newcastle is located was established in 1992 .
Newcastle lies on the Kingston to Buff Bay road through the National Park .
The Blue Mountains are criss-crossed by trails connecting villages to farms and plantations and other villages and trails from Newcastle to Catherine ’s Peak and Mt .
Horeb are among the attractions for hikers and other visitors to the Park .

Old Harbour Bay , Jamaica
Old Harbour Bay is a settlement in Jamaica .
It has a population of 8,537 as of 2009 .
References .
Old Harbour Bay is located in St. Catherine Jamaica and comprises many smaller sub - divisions such as : Dagga Bay , Buddho , Crossroad , Blackwood Gardens Scheme , Settlement , Terminal , Salt Plane , Narine Lane ( formerly known as Hellgate ) , Salt Gully , Bay Bottom , New Road , Capture Land , Kelly 's Pen , Thompson Pen , Ghetto Lane , One Bump , McLeod Close ( formerly known as 13th street ) , Panton Town & More

Mezzetta
G. L. Mezzetta , Inc. , commonly known as Mezzetta is a California food processor that packs olives , pickled peppers and other pickled vegetables in glass jars for retail sale .
They also pack and sell wine-based pasta sauces under the Napa Valley Bistro brand name .
The privately held company is headquartered at 105 Mezzetta Ct. , American Canyon , California .
It occupies a plant built in the 1990s in the Green Island Industrial Park at the northern edge of American Canyon .
The company says it selected that location because of the favorable business climate in American Canyon .
In 2011 , after over a year of negotiation to expand operations with the city , the company indicated that it may move future growth to another state .
The company was founded in San Francisco by Italian immigrant Giuseppe Luigi Mezzetta and his son Daniel in 1935 .
Originally , the company distributed imported specialty food items to delicatessens and restaurants in San Francisco .
Ron Mezzetta , Daniel 's son , began managing the company in 1973 .
Mezzetta began packaging and distributing its food products for retail sale in 1980 .
In 1993 , Mezzetta purchased Kona Coast Hawaiian Sauces and Marinades .
In 1995 , the company moved into a new factory in American Canyon , CA .
The company is now operated by fourth-generation family member Jeff Mezzetta , who serves as president .
At one time , Mezzetta owned the Tulelake Horseradish brand , but sold that business to Beaverton Foods of Oregon .
The company sponsors an annual " Make That Sandwich " recipe contest , awarding a $ 25,000 first prize .

Tony Greig ( wrestler )
Anthony " Tony " Granville Greig ( born 22 July 1941 ) is a former wrestler from New Zealand .
He competed at the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games where he won the bronze medal in the men 's lightweight grade .
He wrestled at the 1964 Summer Olympics making the second round .

Australian Film Institute Television Awards
The Australian Film Institute Television Awards are annual awards presented for excellence in Australian television annually as part of the AFI Awards by the Australian Film Institute .
The AFI Awards cover non - feature films , films , television , and special awards .
The AFI Television Awards are made in various categories and this page serves as an index of the various TV awards .
Best Telefeature , Mini Series or Short Run Series .
The Australian Film Institute Award for Best Telefeature , Mini Series or Short Run Series is an award that has been handed out to producers annually since 1986 by the Australian Film Institute .
The Award was originally presented in two separate categories for " Best Telefeature " and " Best Mini Series " but in 1990 both categories were merged to form " Best Television Mini Series or Telefeature " .
By 2008 the award name was changed again with the addition of " Short Run Series " to the title .
Best Television Documentary .
The Australian Film Institute Award for Best Television Documentary is an award that was handed out to producers annually between 1990 and 1997 by the Australian Film Institute .
In 1998 , this Award was replaced equivalent Awards in the non - feature film category .
Best Television Drama series .
The Australian Film Institute Award for Best Drama Series is awarded annually by the Australian Film Institute for excellence in drama series .
The award which was originally named " Best Episode in a Television Drama , Series or Serial " was originally awarded only for the best episode in a television series .
The award eventually was split into two categories for best episode in a " Drama Serial " and " Drama Series " .
The Best Episode in a Drama Serial category eventually was renamed to " Best Episode in a Television Drama Series ( Long ) " to award long series such as soap operas but was discontinued in 2001 .
The " Best Episode in a Television Drama Series " category was eventually renamed in 2002 as " Best Drama Series " awarding the series as a whole .
Best Children 's Television Drama .
The Australian Film Institute Award for Best Children 's Television Drama is awarded annually by the Australian Film Institute for excellence in children 's television drama .
The award commenced in 1991 and in 2009 an additional category for " Best Children 's Television Animation " was awarded .
Best Television Comedy Series .
The Australian Film Institute Award for Best Television Comedy Series is awarded annually by the Australian Film Institute for excellence in television comedy .
The award commenced in 2003 and was initially called " Best Comedy Series - Sitcom or Sketch " and was renamed " Best Television Comedy Series " in 2005 .
Best Light Entertainment Television Series .
The Australian Film Institute Award for Best Light Entertainment Television Series is awarded annually by the Australian Film Institute for excellence in television light entertainment .
The award commenced in 2003 .
Best Lead Actor in Television Drama .
The Australian Film Institute Award for Best Lead Actor in Television Drama is awarded annually by the Australian Film Institute for excellence in acting in television drama by an actor .
Prior to 1990 , two awards existed and were called " Best Performance by an Actor in a Mini Series " and " Best Lead Actor in a Telefeature " .
The awards were merged in 1990 to become " Best Actor in a Leading Role in a Telefeature or Mini Series " which in 1991 was renamed " Best Actor in a Leading Role in a Television Drama " .
In 2000 , the Awards were again awarded in two categories , called " Best Performance by an Actor in a Telefeature or Mini Series " and " Best Actor in a Leading Role in a Television Drama " .
In 2002 , the Awards were again combined under the title " Best Actor in a Leading Role in a Television Drama " and two years later , in 2004 , the Award was named " Best Actor in a Leading Role in a Television Drama or Comedy " .
A separate comedy Award was established in 2006 , and this Award became " Best Lead Actor in Television Drama " .
Best Lead Actress in Television Drama .
The Australian Film Institute Award for Best Lead Actress in Television Drama is awarded annually by the Australian Film Institute for excellence in acting in television drama by an actress .
Prior to 1990 , two awards existed and were called " Best Performance by an Actress in a Mini Series " and " Best Lead Actress in a Telefeature " .
The awards were merged in 1990 to become " Best Actress in a Leading Role in a Telefeature or Mini Series " which in 1991 was renamed " Best Actress in a Leading Role in a Television Drama " .
In 2000 , the Awards were again awarded in two categories , called " Best Performance by an Actress in a Telefeature or Mini Series " and " Best Actress in a Leading Role in a Television Drama " .
In 2002 , the Awards were again combined under the title " Best Actress in a Leading Role in a Television Drama " and two years later , in 2004 , the Award was named " Best Actress in a Leading Role in a Television Drama or Comedy " .
A separate comedy Award was established in 2006 , and this Award became " Best Lead Actress in Television Drama " .
Best Guest or Supporting Actor in Television Drama .
The Australian Film Institute Award for Best Guest or Supporting Actor in Television Drama is awarded annually by the Australian Film Institute for excellence in acting in television drama by a guest or supporting actor .
Prior to 2002 , the Award was called " Best Performance by an Actor in a Guest Role in a Television Drama Series " .
In 2002 , the Award name was changed to " Best Guest or Supporting Actor in Television Drama " and two years later , in 2004 , the Award was named " Best Actor in a Supporting or Guest Role in a Television Drama or Comedy " .
A separate comedy Award was established in 2006 , and this Award became " Best Guest or Supporting Actor in Television Drama " .
Best Guest or Supporting Actress in Television Drama .
The Australian Film Institute Award for Best Guest or Supporting Actress in Television Drama is awarded annually by the Australian Film Institute for excellence in acting in television drama by a guest or supporting actress .
Prior to 2002 , the Award was called " Best Performance by an Actress in a Guest Role in a Television Drama Series " .
In 2002 , the Award name was changed to " Best Guest or Supporting Actress in Television Drama " and two years later , in 2004 , the Award was named " Best Actress in a Supporting or Guest Role in a Television Drama or Comedy " .
A separate comedy Award was established in 2006 , and this Award became " Best Guest or Supporting Actress in Television Drama " .
Best Direction in Television .
The Australian Film Institute Award for Best Direction in Television is awarded annually by the Australian Film Institute for excellence in direction of television drama .
Prior to 1990 , two awards existed and were called " Best Direction in a Mini Series " and " Best Direction in a Telefeature " .
The awards were merged in 1990 to become " Best Direction in a Telefeature or Mini Series " which in 1991 was renamed " Best Achievement in Direction in a Television Drama " .
In 2004 , this award became " Best Direction in Television " .
Best Screenplay in Television .
The Australian Film Institute Award for Best Screenplay in Television is awarded annually by the Australian Film Institute for excellence in screenplay of television drama .
Prior to 1990 , two awards existed and were called " Best Mini Series Screenplay " and " Best Screenplay in a Telefeature " .
The awards were merged in 1990 to become " Best Screenplay in a Mini Series or Telefeature " which in 1991 was renamed " Best Screenplay in a Television Drama " .
In 2004 , this award became " Best Screenplay in Television " .

2004 Russian Figure Skating Championships
The 2004 Russian Figure Skating Championships ( ) is held annually to determine the Russian national champions .
Skaters compete in the disciplines of men 's singles , ladies singles , pair skating , and ice dancing .
The results of the 2004 Nationals were one of the criteria used to pick the Russian teams to the 2004 European Figure Skating Championships , and the 2004 World Figure Skating Championships .
The 2004 championships took place in St. Petersburg from January 5th through 8th , 2004 .

Oracabessa
Oracabessa is a small town in St Mary , Jamaica east of Ocho Rios .
Its population was 4,108 in 2009 .
Lit in the afternoons by an apricot light that may have inspired its Spanish name Oracabeza , or " Golden Head " , Oracabessa 's commercial district consists of a covered produce market and a few shops and bars .
The main street is a narrow promenade with a number of well-maintained buildings in the early 20th century Jamaican vernacular tradition .
To the east Oracabessa merges into a residential community which is the site of luxury villas such as Goldeneye , Golden Clouds and Firefly Estate , once the home of Noël Coward .
To the immediate west of Oracabessa is the village of Boscobel , home of Ian Fleming International Airport , Jamaica 's newest international airport .
One of Oracabessa 's most well-known residents is artist Richard Von White , grandson of W. E. White a self-made man , baker , planter and Oracabessa 's leading citizen in the early 1900s .
Von 's brilliantly hued , evocative canvasses reflect the tropical flora that is the source of his inspiration .
Other notable residents of Oracabessa include legendary music producer Chris Blackwell and bestselling author Colin Simpson .
Blackwell owns Goldeneye villa , original home of author Ian Fleming , who wrote many of the James Bond novels while living in Oracabessa .
Simpson owns Golden Clouds villa and is the great-great grandson of renowned slavery abolitionist James Phillippo .
History .
The history of Oracabessa dates back over 500 years to the year 1502 when Christopher Columbus sailed into Oracabessa Bay , and bestowed the name Santa Maria island on the small island located in what is now Goldeneye estate .
At the time , the area was sparsely populated by Taino and Arawak Indians and the Spanish established a small supply post named Oracabeza .
It remained a Spanish settlement until 1655 , when the British captured the North Coast of the island .
For the next 200 years , Oracabessa functioned as a tiny agricultural community with its main crop , bananas , controlled by a small group of British landowners .
The arrival of Reverend James Phillippo in 1834 changed the course of Oracabessa 's history .
Phillippo built the first church in Oracabessa and led a defiant protest against the local landowner 's refusal to sell land to former slaves .
The parish of St. Mary , where Oracabessa is located , had a large population of freedom fighters , known as Jamaican Maroons , who worked closely with Phillippo in his quest for justice .
With this show of force , combined with a decree from the British Government , the landowner 's relented and sold Phillippo enough land to build houses , schools , churches and businesses for the hundreds of residents in the area .
Reverend Phillippo was a pioneer of Free Villages , which were settlements that functioned largely without influence from the colonial government .
As part of this unique social experiment , Phillippo purchased land from plantation owners and resold the land to the former slaves with terms that required them to only repay what they could afford .
Within 3 years , he had received full payment and the residents of Oracabessa owned their land and businesses outright .
Phillippo 's belief and faith in the people of Oracabessa led to the development of other Free Villages throughout the island .
Phillippo successfully demonstrated that the Free Village concept worked and that it represented a great opportunity for a community to be self - sufficient .
The Oracabessa farmer 's market , which is still there today , was the first such market in Jamaica to be owned and operated by former slaves .
Within a few years , an entire socio-economic system had come to life and a vibrant fishing and agricultural community was born .
Without the large land barons who ran almost the entire island , Oracabessa , and the parish of St. Mary , were largely left to fend for themselves .
A series of devastating hurricanes and floods at the end of the 19th century brought an end to Oracabessa 's brief success as an independent , self-sufficient community .
In 1910 , Ruth Bryan Owen , the daughter of one of the richest men in the U.S. , had read the story of Reverend James Phillippo and his grand experiment in Oracabessa , and decided that she wanted to continue his work .
She convinced her husband , who was a senior British Military officer , to accept a posting in Jamaica which would allow them to move to Oracabessa , where he would oversee the construction of new roads and schools and she would help rebuild the local economy .
Owen encouraged local residents to develop their skills as artisans and cultivated a community of painters and carvers .
Her social standing and wealthy friends in the U.S. enabled her to ship the artwork to various galleries and provide a sustainable living for this artistic community .
In addition to her philanthropic work in Oracabessa , Owen also built a magnificent home , Golden Clouds , which still stands today .
She had many influential friends in politics and entertainment , who visited her regularly in Oracabessa .
One such visitor was Charlie Chaplin , who was her guest at Golden Clouds .
Owen eventually left Oracabessa for a life in politics , and achieved international fame by becoming the first female U.S. Ambassador in history .
But , she held on to Golden Clouds and returned faithfully every winter to Oracabessa for the next 30 years .
In 1946 , Ian Fleming became the next famous resident of Oracabessa .
Fleming purchased the land next door to Golden Clouds and built his house , Goldeneye , where he proceeded to write all of the James Bond novels and earned worldwide acclaim .
Fleming 's coterie of friends included actors , musicians and filmmakers , who were enamoured with Oracabessa 's main street , beautiful beach and its quiet , unassuming local population .
In 1976 , 12 years after Ian Fleming 's death , Goldeneye was sold to reggae star Bob Marley .
Shortly before his own death , Bob Marley sold the estate to Island Records founder Chris Blackwell .
In the mid - 1990s , the Island Outpost corporation owned by Chris Blackwell bought seventy acres of prime coastal land and opened the village 's main attraction , the James Bond Beach Club .
Located just off Main Street along Old Wharf Road , this pretty strip of white sand has brightly painted changing rooms , a water sports centre , a bar and a restaurant .
Its expansive lawns are a regular venue for concerts by local and international artists .
Scenes from the classic James Bond movie Dr. No , which features a young and beautiful Ursula Andress were filmed in and around the area , most notably when Honey Ryder [ Andress ] emerges from the sea at Laughing Waters further up the coast and at Dunn 's River Falls .
In the 21st century , Oracabessa has again become known as an artist community with studios operated by musicians , painters , and carvers .
Art galleries in Oracabessa include Von White 's studio , and the Wilderness House of Art .
Oracabessa has a wide range of musicians who live , record , and perform in the area .
The music group UB40 has a studio in Oracabessa , and large reggae concerts are presented at James Bond Beach with artists such as Rihanna , Ziggy Marley and Lauryn Hill performing .
Oracabessa 's unique landscape has served as a stunning backdrop for photo shoots by some of the world ’s top photographers .
In 2012 , Mikeal Jansson shot the Ferragamo campaign featuring Gisele Bündchen in Oracabessa and referred to it in Vogue magazine as “ A dream-like location ” .
The Oracabessa Bay Fish Sanctuary was established in 2010 to protect Oracabessa ’s marine ecosystem .
The eastern shoreline of Oracabessa is located on the edge of the Cayman Trough with walls that begin at 60 ft. and drop down to over 150 ft. These walls are covered in a large variety of hard and soft corals .
The walls contain many overhangs and ledges and are home to lobsters , king crab , green and spotted moray eels , and a host of other marine creatures .
Beyond the boundaries of the Oracabessa Bay Fish Sanctuary , the Cayman Trough plunges to depths of over 25,000 ft and is renowned for deep-water sport fishing including marlin and tuna .
In popular culture .
Several scenes from the 1962 James Bond film " Dr. No " which featured Sean Connery as Bond , and Ursula Andress in her Golden Globe-winning role as Honey Ryder were filmed at James Bond Beach .
In the 1973 film , " Live and Let Die " , James Bond and his guide , Quarrel Jr. , drive through Oracabessa and stop at the triangular intersection in the main square to ask for directions .
UB40 's hit song " Oracabessa Moonshine " was written about Oracabessa 's stunning sunsets and clear moonlit skies .
Interior and exterior scenes for the 1989 film , " The Mighty Quinn " , starring Denzel Washington were filmed at Golden Clouds villa in Oracabessa .
Sting wrote the song " Every Breath You Take " while on vacation in Oracabessa .

Osbourne Store , Jamaica
Osbourne Store is a settlement in Jamaica .
It has a population of 3,932 as of 2009 .

Point Hill , Jamaica
Point Hill is a settlement in Jamaica .
It has a population of 5,766 as of 2009 .

Connie Ann Kirk
Connie Ann Kirk ( born February 14 , 1957 ) is an American author of over a dozen books .
Specializing in biographies of famous authors , she has also written companion references and a children 's picture book .
Personal life .
Kirk was born and raised in the village of Wellsville , New York .
She received her bachelor 's degree in English from Binghamton University in 1985 , a master 's degree in English and Creative writing from Binghamton in 1988 , and Ph.D. in English from Binghamton in 2004 .
She is married with two sons , and lives in the Finger Lakes region of New York State .
Career .
Pre - writing career .
Beginning in 1988 , Kirk became an adjunct professor in the English department at Mansfield University of Pennsylvania where she taught courses in English and creative writing .
She was the first member of the department to create and run online courses for the university , and continues to run them during summer sessions .
Published works .
Kirk 's first published books were all nonfiction , including several titles for Greenwood Press 's biography series .
One of her first was a biography of British author J. K. Rowling which turned out to be a bestseller .
The " School Library Journal " reviewer wrote that " the scholarly writing style and evaluative content make this volume useful to high school students studying Rowling and her work .
" It has since been translated into Japanese , Chinese , and Estonian .
In 2004 , Kirk published her first children 's picture book " Sky Dancers " with Lee & Low Books .
" Sky Dancers " is about the Mohawk skyscraper builders in 1930s New York City and was selected by The Children 's Book Committee at Bank Street College of Education for their " Best Children 's Books of the Year " and by Rutgers University 's EconKids program as one of their " Top 5 Books on Human Resources .
" Kirk developed an interest in poet Emily Dickinson during her doctorate work at Binghamton .
She joined the Emily Dickinson International Society and has written a number of articles for their semi-annual publication and given papers at their international conferences , including the 2010 conference at Oxford University .
Her book on Emily Dickinson grew out of her dissertation .
Other works .
In addition to her published writing , Kirk runs a number of online discussion groups , and contributes to the Examiner.com web site .

Marcus Nash ( actor )
Marcus Nash ( born 15 February 1994 ) is a Scottish actor best known for starring as Herod Sharkey in the CBBC television series Half Moon Investigations based on the best-selling novels by Eoin Colfer .
Marcus has starred in BBC Scotland soap River City and also has an appearance in Peter Mullan 's film " Neds " .
References .
at the internet movie database

Magdalena Massacre
Magdalena Massacre may refer to :

Port Esquivel , Jamaica
Port Esquivel is a settlement in Jamaica which is the location of the alumina port serving WindAlCo and the Jamaican Broilers ethanol plant .

Ward 2 , St. Louis City
Ward 2 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis , Missouri .
It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis The current alderman for Ward 2 is Dionne Flowers .
Ward 2 contains parts of many neighborhoods , including Near North Riverfront , College Hill , O ' Fallon , North Point , Baden , Riverview , and North Riverfront .

Hollister , Wisconsin
Hollister , Wisconsin is an unincorporated community located in the town of Wolf River , in Langlade County , Wisconsin , United States .
The community is located on Wisconsin Highway 55 .

Race Course , Jamaica
Race Course is a settlement in Clarendon Parish in Jamaica .
It has a population of 3,003 as of 2009 .

Rio Bueno , Jamaica
Rio Bueno is a settlement in Jamaica .
It has a population of 1,096 as of 2009 .

KSWW
KSWW ( 102.1 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting an adult contemporary music format .
Licensed to Ocean Shores , Washington , USA , it serves Grays Harbor County .
The station is currently owned by Jodesha Broadcasting .
It is known as " Sunny 102.1 " .
The station first signed on in 1998 .
Except for their morning show with Mattniah Corban , 6am-10am weekdays , all programming is off Westwood One 's AC feed .
Translators .
KSWW also broadcasts on the following translators : K234AU rebroadcasts KSWW-HD3. K280GE rebroadcasts KSWW-HD2 .

Riversdale , Jamaica
Riversdale is a settlement in Jamaica .
It has a population of 4,408 as of 2009 .
References .
Riversdale is home to Jamaica 's first Seventh-day Adventist college - West Indian Training College.The college was later relocated to Mandeville , Manchester .
Today , on the ground where the college used to be , stands the Riversdale Seventh-day Adventist Church .
Of interest is the Natural Bridge which is the east exit of the town .
Folklore says it just happened , because there is no trace of workmanship , and it is like a hole in a large boulder .

Churchill Park School
Churchill Park School is a co-ed primary and intermediate school in Glendowie , Auckland , New Zealand .
It teaches from year one until year eight .
It is surrounded by Churchill Park .
It is a relatively small school , with a student population of approximately 450 , with 21 classrooms .
All students have a music lesson every week .
Year 7 and 8 students have a weekly class learning a language .
They also have a 90 minute technology programme each week , which covers some basic skills such as cooking and hands-on crafts .
Science is also a minor part of the students ' programme .
The school had a library and an ICT facility , both of which were valuable resources used to assist class activities , although both of these structures were destroyed by a fire at 3am on November 15 , 2011 .
New library and computer facilities have been constructed and currently are in use .
Academic Performance .
Churchill Park School students achieve at high levels , with National Standards results showing that 92.6 % of students achieved at or above the benchmark reading standard , 87.8 % above the writing standard , and 90.2 % above the maths standard .
Extra Curricular Activities .
Churchill Park School offers an array of extra-curricular activities , including the opportunity to learn to play musical instruments , perform with a Choir or Band , or participate in sports including Netball , Water Polo , Rugby and Soccer .
Churchill Park School excels in sport ; teams from the school have been representatives at the city-wide Auckland Championships .
Churchill Park Students are split into four house groups for most sporting events .
Students are randomly assigned to either Green , Red , Yellow or Blue house .
Each house has two student house captains ( elected at the start of the year by their peers ) and competes for the House Cup , awarded at the end of each term .
Environmental Projects .
Churchill Park School strives to be as environmentally friendly as possible and has received environmental awards , including the Enviroschools Silver Award .
Efforts include having a worm farm , vegetable garden , and a student - planted wetland area .
At the beginning of 2010 , native trees were planted around the school .
Environmental messages such as " I Only Drain Rain " are painted around their stormwater drains , to ensure that nothing other than water is poured down them , since they lead to the ocean .

Littleton , Cheshire
Littleton is a civil parish in the Borough of Cheshire West and Chester and ceremonial county of Cheshire in England .
It has a population of 647 .
History .
The parish has historically been a little hamlet within the manor and ancient parish of Christleton and as has such been known by the names Parva Cristentona ( Little Christleton ) in the 12th Century and Parva Christleton up until at least 1795 .
The name Littleton was used in preference to Parva Cristentona in Daniel Lyson 's Magna Britannia ( Volume 2 ) circa 1810 .
The open land surrounding and within Littleton contains many former Marl Pits .
The Marl from the pits was used as an agricultural fertiliser and also as a component in the process of Brickmaking , which seems to have been practiced locally .
The parish contains one building included in the National Heritage List for England and designated by English Heritage as a listed building .
This is Hunter 's Court , which originated as a barn in the late 17th century , and was later converted into two houses .

Building Safer Communities .
Risk Governance , Spatial Planning and Responses to Natural Hazards
Building Safer Communities .
Risk Governance , Spatial Planning and Responses to Natural Hazards is a 2009 book edited by Urbano Fra Paleo , published by IOS Press .
This textbook examines the central principles of enhanced risk governance , whose implementation might help to mitigate the increasing losses caused by natural hazards .
It promotes the adoption of proactive , preventive approaches in public policies , particularly through land use planning , by influencing on the occupation of hazard - prone areas .
It serves both as a comprehensive introduction to the formulation and implementation at the strategic level of policies that address risk , and as an advancement in the integration of current practices , including emergency management , environmental management , community development and spatial planning .
The authors study and construe solutions that review integrated strategies of the various levels of government considering : Urbano Fra Paleo is a geographer , and an Associate Professor of Human Geography at the University of Santiago de Compostela , Spain .

Kojak ( vehicle )
The Kojak is a multipurpose military four-wheel-drive vehicle .
These are made in Bolivia , with variants such as tank hunters with guided missiles , or infantry support with multiple 70mm rocket launchers .
Prototypes were developed in 1995 and 1997 to compare performance and experiment with them in tactical exercises .
They were officially released in October 2005 .
This all began at the initiative of Col. Cornejo while he was commanding a logistics battalion , later passing on to the Division of Military Science and Technology .
They are also used as vehicles for the insertion and extraction of Special Forces operators , as well as for reconnaissance and patrol , forward observation of fires and artillery , communication and liaison .
They have proven to be excellent vehicles , functioning with a great variety of armaments .
They also have a low profile and good camouflage making them difficult outside the 4km range of their missile , which has been proven in military exercises .
Naming .
The name of this vehicle was inspired by the famous police serial Kojak of the 1970s .
As the titular investigator of the series was bald , and the Kojak has no fuselage , the name was chosen for the vehicle .

Rocky Point , Jamaica
Rocky Point is a settlement in Jamaica .
It has a population of 3,183 as of 2009 .

Natalie White
Natalie White ( born April 22 , 1983 ) is a former reality TV personality known for being the winner of " " .
A native of Van Buren , Arkansas , White has a background in marketing and pharmaceutical sales .
Early life .
White is the daughter of Ken and Diane Powell of Bryant , Arkansas .
She graduated from Bryant High School and went on to Arkansas State University in Jonesboro for two years where she was a member of Alpha Omicron Pi .
She then transferred to the University of Central Arkansas in Conway , where she completed a bachelor ’s degree in marketing in 2005 .
Survivor : Samoa .
White was in the Foa Foa tribe which lost 5 out of the 6 immunity challenges prior to the merge of the two tribes .
She survived all those rounds without her name ever being written down for elimination .
After the merge had occurred , White orchestrated the elimination of Erik Cardona by swaying Laura Morett , Kelly Sharbaugh , and Monica Padilla to convince the rest of Galu to vote for Cardona in a blindside .
At Tribal Council , White 's plan came into fruition and Cardona became the first member of the jury .
The day after tribal council , White came across a rat at camp .
She subsequently clubbed the rat to death and presented it to her fellow tribe members for consumption , shocking them all .
On the 10th episode , there was a 5-5 tie between White and Laura Morett .
Shannon " Shambo " Waters flipped to Foa Foa to vote out Morett , while the five remaining Galu members voted out White , expecting a deadlocked tie and purple rock tiebreaker .
On the revote , John Fincher of Galu switched his vote from White to Morett , ensuring Morett 's elimination and avoiding the possibility of drawing a purple rock .
White won her first reward challenge with Laura Morett , Russell Hantz , Brett Clouser , and Dave Ball .
In the Survivor Auction , White won a peanut butter and jelly sandwich , and a shower .
White had bonded with Clouser over things that they both enjoy , like Christian books and excerpts .
She later went on to choose Clouser first to be on her team at the reward challenge .
Hantz was suspicious that something was forming between them , but White assured him that everything was proceeding as originally planned .
Finale / Reunion .
In the finale , White was told by Hantz that if Clouser were to win the next immunity challenge , she would be the next one leaving .
Hantz wanted to get Clouser out before the Final Three , and he needed all of the strongest men to beat Clouser .
Clouser went on to win the next immunity challenge , but Hantz 's mind changed , as he needed White to go with him to the Final Three .
Jaison Robinson was voted off in that Tribal Council .
In the final immunity challenge , White placed third out of four .
Hantz went on to win that immunity challenge , leading up to Clouser 's elimination .
White was criticized by Hantz and the jury for being a coattail rider and that she had not done much except follow Hantz .
White responded with the fact that she could not make the moves that Hantz did because that would lead to her being voted out .
She said that her best move that would keep her in the game was to align with Hantz , and that he could take all the damage , and she would leave in everybody 's good graces .
Erik Cardona finished the Final Tribal Council by stating that Mick Trimming had not lived up to his leader position , and that Hantz was arrogant .
He stated that White might call herself the least deserving of the title " Sole Survivor " but that " maybe the person who thinks she is the least deserving is probably the most .
" Cardona went on to say that he would be voting for her , and he hoped that she would get four more votes to win .
On December 20 , 2009 , during the live portion of the finale , it was announced that White had won the title of Sole Survivor for the season , " Survivor : Samoa " .
She won by a vote of 7-2-0 , defeating runner-up Russell Hantz and third placed Mick Trimming .
After he realized that he had lost , Hantz first offered White $ 10,000 for the title of " Sole Survivor " but she could keep the $ 1,000,000 prize .
He then increased his offer to $ 100,000 .
White declined both offers .
Personal life .
At the time of the filming of the show " Survivor " , she was dating Justin Thomas , who is also a resident of Van Buren .
After winning the game six months later , she said she would use some of her winnings to go with him on a vacation .
Many times on " Survivor " , White had inferred herself a Christian and was a " prayer warrior " on the show along with fellow contestant Brett Clouser .

Saint Ann 's Bay , Jamaica
Saint Ann 's Bay is a settlement in Jamaica , the capital of Saint Ann Parish .
It has a population of 13,671 as of 2009 .
Musicians Floyd Lloyd and Burning Spear , and Marcus Garvey were born in the town .
History .
When Christopher Columbus first came to Jamaica in 1494 , he landed on the shores of St. Ann 's Parish .
He returned to Jamaica on his fourth voyage and was eventually marooned for one year at St. Ann 's Bay ( June 1503 - June 1504 ) , which he called Santa Gloria .
A statue of Christopher Columbus is located near the town ’s main traffic intersection to commemorate the discovery of the bay .
The first Spanish settlement in Jamaica was also at Sevilla la Nueva , now called Seville , just to the west of St Ann 's Bay .
Established by Juan de Esquivel , the first Spanish Governor of Jamaica , St Ann 's Bay became the third capital established by Spain in the Americas .
The first sugar mills were established by the Spaniards in Sevilla la Nueva before 1526 .
After 1655 , when the English captured Jamaica , St Ann 's Bay gradually developed as a fishing port with many warehouses and wharves .
The parish of St. Ann was later named after Lady Anne Hyde the first wife of King James II of England .
St. Ann ’s Bay was named as the Capital of the Parish of St. Ann , largely because of its large harbour and port for shipping goods ranging from bananas to bauxite .
In later years , Ocho Rios has eclipsed St. Ann ’s Bay due to its rapid growth in tourism and commerce , but St. Ann ’s Bay remains a popular destination for those seeking a more traditional Jamaican experience .
The town features a number of well-maintained buildings in the early 20th century Jamaican vernacular tradition .
Two of the oldest buildings in town are the St. Ann Parish Church and the St. Ann ’s Bay Courthouse .
The St. Ann Parish Church is located at the corner of Main St. and Church St. and was constructed in 1871 .
The St. Ann ’s Bay Courthouse is located nearby and was constructed in 1860 .
St. Ann ’s Bay is also home to Jamaica ’s first prison , and is a reflection of the town ’s early importance and position of authority .
The Old Jail in St Ann 's Bay was originally built as a fort in 1750 and was converted to a jail in 1795 .
One of Jamaica ’s most famous citizens , Marcus Garvey , was born in St. Ann ’s Bay in 1887 , and a statue was erected in his honour in front of the St. Ann ’s Bay Library .
Historic sites .
Cardiff Hall .
Cardiff Hall , situated to the West of St Ann 's Bay , was a plantation house owned by John Blagrove .
The plantation was worked by 1,500 enslaved Africans .
James Hakewell considered Blagrove a kind master , as he gave each slave a dollar in his will .

John B. Campbell Handicap top three finishers
This is a listing of the horses that finished in either first , second , or third place and the number of starters in the John B. Campbell Handicap , an American stakes race for horses three years old and older at 1-1/8 miles ( 9 furlongs ) on the dirt held at Laurel Park Racecourse in Laurel , Maryland .
( List 1954-present ) A # designates that the race was run in two divisions in 1973 , 1972 and 1970 .

Keio Medical Science Prize
The Keio Medical Science Prize ( Japanese : 慶應医学賞 ) , is a Japanese prize in medical sciences .
Introduction .
The prize is awarded to scientists who made significant contributions to the field of medical sciences or life sciences .
And these contributions can further promote the peace and prosperity of mankind and human society .
The prize award is 20 million Japanese Yen ( approximately 190,000 US$ ) .
A medal is also awarded to the winner .
Every year maximum two winners are awarded .
A prize ceremony is held every year normally at Keio University , Tokyo , Japan .
Awardees .
Source :

Seaforth , Jamaica
Seaforth is a settlement in Jamaica .
It has a population of 4,548 as of 2009 .

Kaj Birket - Smith
Kaj Birket - Smith ( 20 January 1893 – 28 October 1977 ) was a Danish philologist and anthropologist .
He specialized in studying the habits and language of the Inuit and Eyak .
He was a member of Knud Rasmussen 's 1921 Thule expedition .
In 1940 , he became director of the Ethnographic Department of the National Museum of Denmark .
Personal life .
Kaj Birket - Smith was the son of Danish librarian and literary historian Sophus Birket - Smith and wife , Ludovica ( born Nielsen ) .
He received his Ph.D. in linguistics at the University of Pennsylvania in 1937 .
He was a Knight of the Order of the Dannebrog .
In 1920 , Kaj and Minna Birket - Smith wed .
Kaj Birket - Smith died in 1977 , aged 84 .

Kojak ( disambiguation )
Kojak may refer to :

Egyptian Empire Records
Egyptian Empire Records is the longest electro record label owned by Egyptian Lover .
It kept its unique style of electro music .
Background .
It was founded in 1984 by Egyptian Lover .
Since then , it has served us with uptempo Electro Beats pressed on Wax .
Several Releases made to the Billboard Charts and it was the Home of Rodney O and Joe Cooley .
Also it has a political background because Egyptian Lover was the first Afroamerican Label Owner .
Freak Beat .
An earlier incarnation was Freak Beat Records which uses the same cataloguing system .
This was the home of Uncle Jamm 's Army .

Siloah , Jamaica
Siloah is a settlement in Jamaica .
It has a population of 2,653 as of 2009 .

Speech and language impairment
Speech and language impairment are basic categories that might be drawn in issues of communication involve hearing , speech , language , and fluency .
A speech impairment is characterized by difficulty in articulation of words .
Examples include stuttering or problems producing particular sounds .
Articulation refers to the sounds , syllables , and phonology produced by the individual .
Voice , however , may refer to the characteristics of the sounds produced — specifically , the pitch , quality , and intensity of the sound .
Often , fluency will also be considered a category under speech , encompassing the characteristics of rhythm , rate , and emphasis of the sound produced A language impairment is a specific impairment in understanding and sharing thoughts and ideas , i.e. a disorder that involves the processing of linguistic information .
Problems that may be experienced can involve the form of language , including grammar , morphology , syntax ; and the functional aspects of language , including semantics and pragmatics An individual can have one or both types of impairment .
These impairments / disorders are identified by a speech and language pathologist .
Speech Disorders .
The Following are brief definitions of several of the more prominent speech disorders : Apraxia of speech .
Apraxia of speech is the acquired form of motor speech disorder caused by brain injury , stroke or dementia .
Developmental verbal dyspraxia .
Developmental verbal dyspraxia refers specifically to a motor speech disorder .
This is a neurological disorder .
Individuals suffering from developmental verbal apraxia encounter difficulty saying sounds , syllables , and words .
The difficulties are not due to weakness of muscles , but rather on coordination between the brain and the specific parts of the body .
Apraxia of speech is the acquired form of this disorder caused by brain injury , stroke or dementia .
Interventions are more effective when they occur individually at first , and between three to five times per week .
With improvements , children with apraxia may be transitioned into group therapy settings .
Therapeutic exercises must focus on planning , sequencing , and coordinating the muscle movements involved in speech production .
Children with developmental verbal dyspraxia must practice the strategies and techniques that they learn in order to improve .
In addition to practice , feedback can be helpful to improve apraxia of speech .
Tactile feedback ( touch ) , visual feedback ( watching self in mirror ) , and verbal feedback are all important additions .
Biofeedback has also been cited as a possible therapy .
Functional training involves placing the individual in more speech situations , while providing him / her with a speech model , such as the SLP .
Because the cause is neurological , however , some patients do not progress .
In these cases , AAC may be more appropriate .
Dysarthria .
Dysarthria is a motor speech disorder that results from a neurological injury .
Some stem from central damage , while other stem from peripheral nerve damage .
Difficulties may be encountered in respiratory problems , vocal fold function , or velopharyngeal closure , for example .
Orofacial myofunctional disorders .
Orofacial myofunctional disorders refers to problems encountered when the tongue thrusts forward inappropriately during speech .
While this is typical in infants , most children outgrow this .
Children that continue to exaggerate the tongue movement may incorrectly produce speech sounds , such as /s/ , /z/ , “sh ” , “ ch ” , and “ j ” .
For example , the word , “ some , ” might be pronounced as “ thumb ” .
The treatment of OMD will be based upon the professional ’s evaluation .
Each child will present a unique oral posture that must be corrected .
Thus , the individual interventions will vary .
Some examples include : Speech sound disorder .
Speech sound disorders may be of two varieties : articulation ( the production of sounds ) or phonological processes ( sound patterns ) .
An articulation disorder may take the form of substitution , omission , addition , or distortion of normal speech sounds .
Phonological process disorders may involve more systematic difficulties with the production of particular types of sounds , such as those made in the back of the mouth , like “ k ” and “ g ” .
Naturally , abnormalities in speech mechanisms would need to be ruled out by a medical professional .
Therapies for articulation problems must be individualized to fit the individual case .
The placement approach—instructing the individual on the location in which the tongue should be and how to blow air correctly — could be helpful in difficulties with certain speech sounds .
Another individual might benefit more from developing auditory discrimination skills , since he / she has not learned to identify error sounds in his / her speech .
Generalization of these learned speech techniques will need to be generalized to everyday situations .
Phonological process treatment , on the other hand , can involve making syntactical errors , such as omissions in words .
In cases such as these , explicit teaching of the linguistic rules may be sufficient .
Some cases of speech sound disorders , for example , may involve difficulties articulating speech sounds .
Educating a child on the appropriate ways to produce a speech sound and encouraging the child to practice this articulation over time may produce natural speech , Speech sound disorder .
Likewise , stuttering does not have a single , known cause , but has been shown to be effectively reduced or eliminated by fluency shaping ( based on behavioral principles ) and stuttering modification techniques .
Stuttering .
Stuttering is a disruption in the fluency of an individual ’s speech , which begins in childhood and may persist over a lifetime .
Stuttering is a form of disfluency ; disfluency becomes a problem insofar as it impedes successful communication between two parties .
Disfluencies may be due to unwanted repetitions of sounds , or extension of speech sounds , syllables , or words .
Disfluencies also incorporate unintentional pauses in speech , in which the individual is unable to produce speech sounds .
While the effectiveness is debated , most treatment programs for stuttering are behavioral .
In such cases , the individual learns skills that improve oral communication abilities , such as controlling and monitoring the rate of speech .
SLPs may also help these individuals to speak more slowly and to manage the physical tension involved in the communication process .
Fluency may be developed by selecting a slow rate of speech , and making use of short phrases and sentences .
With success , the speed may be increased until a natural rate of smooth speech is achieved .
Additionally , punishment for incorrect speech production should be eliminated , and a permissive speaking environment encouraged .
Electronic fluency devices , which alter the auditory input and provide modified auditory feedback to the individual , have shown mixed results in research reviews .
Because stuttering is such a common phenomenon , and because it is not entirely understood , various opposing schools of thought emerge to describe its etiology .
The Breakdown theories maintain that stuttering is the result of a weakening or breakdown in physical systems that are necessary for smooth speech production .
Cerebral dominance theories ( in the stutterer , no cerebral hemisphere takes the neurological lead ) and theories of perseveration ( neurological “ skipping record ” of sorts ) are both Breakdown theories .
Auditory Monitoring theories suggest that stutters hear themselves differently from how other people hear them .
Since speakers adjust their communication based upon the auditory feedback they hear ( their own speech ) , this creates conflict between the input and the output process .
Psychoneurotic theories posit repressed needs as the source of stuttering .
Lastly , Learning theories are straightforward — children learn to stutter .
It should be clear that each etiological position would suggest a different intervention , leading to controversy with the field .
Voice disorders .
Voice disorders range from aphonia ( loss of phonation ) to dysphonia , which may be phonatory and / or resonance disorders .
Phonatory characteristics could include breathiness , hoarseness , harshness , intermittency , pitch , etc. Resonance characteristics refer to overuse or underuse of the resonance chambers resulting in hypernasality or hyponasality .
Several examples of voice problems are vocal chord nodules or polyps , vocal chord paralysis , paradoxical vocal fold movement , and spasmodic dysphonia .
Vocal chord nodules and polyps are different phenomena , but both may be caused by vocal abuse , and both may take the form of growths , bumps , or swelling on the vocal chords .
Vocal fold paralysis is the inability to move one or both of the vocal chords , which results in difficulties with voice and perhaps swallowing .
Paradoxical vocal fold movement occurs when the vocal chords close when they should actually be open .
Spasmodic dysphonia is caused by strained vocal chord movement , which results in awkward voice problems , such as jerkiness or quavering .
If nodules or polyps are present , and are large , surgery may be the appropriate choice for removal .
Surgery is not recommended for children , however .
Other medical treatment may suffice for slighter problems , such as those induced by gastroesophageal reflux disease , allergies , or thyroid problems .
Outside of medical and surgical interventions , professional behavioral interventions can be useful in teaching good vocal habits and minimizing abuse of vocal cords .
This voice therapy may instruct in attention to pitch , loudness , and breathing exercises .
Additionally , the individual may be instructed on the optimal position to produce the maximum vocal quality .
Bilateral paralysis is another disorder that may require medical or surgical interventions to return vocal cords to normalcy ; unilateral paralysis may be treated medically or behaviorally .
Paradoxical vocal fold movement ( PVFM ) is also treated medically and behaviorally .
Behavioral interventions will focus on voice exercises , relaxation strategies , and techniques that can be used to support breath .
More generally , however , PVFM interventions focus on helping an individual to understand what triggers the episode , and how to deal with it when it does occur .
While there is no cure for spasmodic dysphonia , medical and psychological interventions can alleviate some of the symptoms .
Medical interventions involve repeated injections of Botox into one or both of the vocal cords .
This weakens the laryngeal muscles , and results in a smoother voice .
Language Disorders .
A language disorder is an impairment in the ability to understand and / or use words in context , both verbally and nonverbally .
Some characteristics of language disorders include improper use of words and their meanings , inability to express ideas , inappropriate grammatical patterns , reduced vocabulary and inability to follow directions .
One or a combination of these characteristics may occur in children who are affected by language learning disabilities or developmental language delay .
Children may hear or see a word but not be able to understand its meaning .
They may have trouble getting others to understand what they are trying to communicate .
Specific language impairment .
Interventions for specific language impairment will be based upon the individual difficulties in which the impairment manifests .
For example , if the child is incapable of separating individual morphemes , or units of sound , in speech , then the interventions may take the form of rhyming , or of tapping on each syllable .
If comprehension is the trouble , the intervention may focus on developing metacognitive strategies to evaluate his / her knowledge while reading , and after reading is complete .
It is important that whatever intervention is employed , it must be generalized to the general education classroom .
Selective mutism .
Selective mutism is a disorder that manifests as a child that does not speak in at least one social setting , despite being able to speak in other situations .
Selective mutism is normally discovered when the child first starts school .
Behavioral treatment plans can be effective in bringing about the desired communication across settings .
Stimulus fading involves a gradual desensitization , in which the individual is placed in a comfortable situation and the environment is gradually modified to increase the stress levels without creating a large change in stress level .
Shaping relies on behavioral modification techniques , in which successive attempts to produce speech is reinforced .
Self - modeling techniques may also be helpful ; for example , self - modeling video tapes , in which the child watches a video of him / herself performing the desired action , can be useful .
If additional confounding speech problems exist , a SLP may work with the student to identify what factors are complicating speech production and what factors might be increasing the mute behaviors .
Additionally , he / she might work with the individual to become more comfortable with social situations , and with the qualities of their own voice .
If voice training is required , they might offer this as well .
Aphasia .
Aphasia refers to a family of language disorders that usually stem from injury , lesion , or atrophy to the left side of the brain that result in reception , perception , and recall of language ; in addition , language formation and expressive capacities may be inhibited .
Language - based learning disabilities .
Language - based learning disabilities , which refer to difficulties with reading , spelling , and / or writing that are evidenced in a significant lag behind the individual ’s same - age peers .
Most children with these disabilities are at least of average intelligence , ruling out intellectual impairments as the causal factor .
Diagnostic criteria .
The DSM-5 and the ICD-10 are both used to make specific diagnostic decisions .
Speech and language disorders commonly include communication issues , but also extend into various areas such as oral - motor function — sucking , swallowing , drinking , or eating .
In some cases , a child 's communication is delayed considerably behind his / her same - aged peers .
The effects of these disorders can range from basic difficulties in the production of certain letter sounds to more comprehensive inabilities to generate ( expressive ) or understand ( receptive ) language .
In most cases , the causal factors that create these speech and language difficulties are unknown .
There are a wide variety of biological and environmental causal factors that can create them , ranging from drug abuse to neurological issues .
For more information on causal hypotheses , refer to the section on models .
Developmental disorders .
Developmental disorders tend to have a genetic origin , such as mutations of FOXP2 , which has been linked to Developmental verbal dyspraxia and Specific language impairment .
Some of these impairments are caused by genetics .
Interestingly , case histories often reveal a positive family history of communication disorders .
Between 28 % and 60 % of children with a speech and language deficit have a sibling and / or parent who is also affected .
Down syndrome is another example of a genetic causal factor that may result in speech and / or language impairments .
Stuttering is a disorder that is hypothesized to have a strong genetic component as well .
Some speech and language impairments have environmental causes .
A specific language impairment , for example , may be caused by insufficient language stimulation in the environment .
If a child does not have access to an adequate role model , or is not spoken to with much frequency , the child may not develop strong language skills .
Furthermore , if a child has little stimulating experiences , or is not encouraged to develop speech , that child may have little incentive to speak at all and may not develop speech and language skills at an average pace .
Developmental disabilities such as autism and neurological disorders such as cerebral palsy may also result in impaired communicative abilities .
Similarly , malformation or malfunctioning of the respiratory system or speech mechanisms may result in speech impairments .
For example , a cleft palate will allow too much air to pass through the nasal cavity and a cleft lip will not allow the individual to correctly form sounds that require the upper lip .
The development of vocal fold nodules represents another issue of biological causation .
In some cases of biological origin , medical interventions such as surgery or medication may be required .
Other cases may require speech therapy or behavioral training .
Acquired disorders .
Acquired disorders result from brain injury , stroke or atrophy , many of these issues are included under the Aphasia umbrella .
Brain damage , for example , may result in various forms of aphasia if critical areas of the brain such as Broca ’s or Wernicke 's area are damaged by lesions or atrophy as part of a dementia Speech and language assessment .
What follows are a list of frequently used measures of speech and language skills , and the age - ranges for which they are appropriate .
In the United States of America .
Under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act ( IDEA ) 2004 , the federal government has defined a speech or language impairment as " a communication disorder such as stuttering , impaired articulation , a language impairment , or a voice impairment , which adversely affects a child 's learning .
" In order to qualify in the educational system as having a speech or language impairment , the child 's speech must be either unintelligible much of the time or he / she must have been professionally diagnosed as having either a speech impairment or language delay which requires intervention .
Additionally , IDEA 2004 contains an exclusionary clause that stipulates that a speech or language impairment may not be either cultural , ethnic , bilingual , or dialectical differences in language , temporary disorders ( such as those induced by dental problems ) , or delayed abilities in producing the most difficult linguistic sounds in a child 's age range .
Management .
Speech - Language Pathologists ( SLPs ) offer many services to children with speech or language disabilities .
Speech - Language Pathology .
Speech - Language Pathologists ( SLPs ) may provide individual therapy for the child to assist with speech production problems such as stuttering .
They may consult with the child 's teacher about ways in which the child might be accommodated in the classroom , or modifications that might be made in instruction or environment .
The SLP can also make crucial connections with the family , and help them to establish goals and techniques to be used in the home .
Other service providers , such as counselors or vocational instructors may also be included in the development of goals as the child transitions into adulthood .
The individual services that the child receives will depend upon the needs of that child .
Simpler problems of speech , such as hoarseness or vocal fatigue ( voicing problems ) may be solved with basic instruction on how to modulate one 's voice .
Articulation problems could be remediated by simple practice in sound pronunciation .
Fluency problems may be remediated with coaching and practice under the guidance of trained professionals , and may disappear with age .
However , more complicated problems , such as those accompanying autism or strokes , may require many years of one-on-one therapy with a variety of service providers .
In most cases , it is imperative that the families be included in the treatment plans since they can help to implement the treatment plans .
The educators are also a critical link in the implementation of the child 's treatment plan .
For children with language disorders , professionals often relate the treatment plans to classroom content , such as classroom textbooks or presentation assignments .
The professional teaches various strategies to the child , and the child works to apply them effectively in the classroom .
For success in the educational environment , it is imperative that the SLP or other speech-language professional have a strong , positive rapport with the teacher ( s ) .
Speech - language pathologists create plans that cater to the individual needs of the patient .
If speech is not practical for a patient , the SLP will work with the patient to decide upon an augmentative and alternative communication ( AAC ) method or device to facilitate communication .
They may work with other patients to help them make sounds , improve voices , or teach general communication strategies .
They also work with individuals who have difficulties swallowing .
In addition to offering these types of communication training services , SLPs also keep records of evaluation , progress , and eventual discharge of patients , and work with families to overcome and cope with communication impairments ( Bureau of Labor Statistics , 2009 ) .
In many cases , SLPs provide direct clinical services to individuals with communication or swallowing disorders .
SLPs work with physicians , psychologists , and social workers to provide services in the medical domain , and collaborate with educational professionals to offer additional services for students to facilitate the educational process .
Thus , speech-language services may be found in schools , hospitals , outpatient clinics , and nursing homes , among other settings .
The setting in which therapy is provided to the individual depends upon the age , type , and severity of the individual 's impairment .
An infant/toddler may engage in an early intervention program , in which services are delivered in a naturalistic environment in which the child is most comfortable — probably his / her home .
If the child is school - aged , he / she may receive speech-language services at an outpatient clinic , or even at his / her home school as part of a weekly program .
The type of setting in which therapy is offered depends largely upon characteristics of the individual and his / her disability .
As with any professional practice that is informed by ongoing research , controversies exist in the fields that deal with speech and language disorders .
One such current debate relates to the efficacy of oral motor exercises and the expectations surrounding them .
According to Lof , non - speech oral motor exercises ( NS-OME ) includes “ any technique that does not require the child to produce a speech sound but is used to influence the development of speaking abilities .
” These sorts of exercises would include blowing , tongue push - ups , pucker-smile , tongue wags , big smile , tongue - to - nose - to - chin , cheek puffing , blowing kisses , and tongue curling , among others .
Lof continues , indicating that 85 % of SLPs are currently using NS-OME .
Additionally , these exercises are used for dysarthria , apraxia , late talkers , structural anomalies , phonological impairments , hearing impairments , and other disorders .
Practitioners assume that these exercises will strengthen articulatory structures and generalize to speech acts .
Lof reviews 10 studies , and concludes that only one of the studies shows benefits to these exercises ( it also suffered serious methodological flaws ) .
Lof ultimately concludes that the exercises employ the same structures , but are used for different functions .
The NS-OME position is not without its supporters , however , and the proponents are numerous .
Interventions .
Intervention services will be guided by the strengths and needs determined by the speech and language evaluation .
The areas of need may be addressed individually until each one is functional ; alternatively , multiple needs may be addressed simultaneously through the intervention techniques .
If possible , all interventions will be geared towards the goal of developing typical communicative interaction .
To this end , interventions typically follow either a preventive , remedial , or compensatory model .
The preventive service model is common as an early intervention technique , especially for children whose other disorders place them at a higher risk for developing later communication problems .
This model works to lessen the probability or severity of the issues that could later emerge .
The remedial model is used when an individual already has a speech or language impairment that he / she wishes to have corrected .
Compensatory models would be used if a professional determines that it is best for the child to bypass the communication limitation ; often , this relies on AAC .
Language intervention activities are used in some therapy sessions .
In these exercises , an SLP or other trained professional will interact with a child by working with the child through play and other forms of interaction to talk to the child and model language use .
The professional will make use of various stimuli , such as books , objects , or simple pictures to stimulate the emerging language .
In these activities , the professional will model correct pronunciation , and will encourage the child to practice these skills .
Articulation therapy may be used during play therapy as well , but involves modeling specific aspects of language — the production of sound .
The specific sounds will be modeled for the child by the professional ( often the SLP ) , and the specific processes involved in creating those sounds will be taught as well .
For example , the professional might instruct the child in the placement of the tongue or lips in order to produce certain consonant sounds .
Technology is another avenue of intervention , and can help children whose physical conditions make communication difficult .
The use of electronic communication systems allow nonspeaking people and people with severe physical disabilities to engage in the give and take of shared thought .
Adaptability and limitations .
While some speech problems , such as certain voice problems , require medical interventions , many speech problems can be alleviated through effective behavioral interventions and practice .
In these cases , instruction in speech techniques or speaking strategies , coupled with regular practice , can help the individual to overcome his / her speaking difficulties .
In other , more severe cases , the individual with speech problems may compensate with AAC devices .
Speech impairments can seriously limit the manner in which an individual interacts with others in work , school , social , and even home environments .
Inability to correctly form speech sounds might create stress , embarrassment , and frustration in both the speaker and the listener .
Over time , this could create aggressive responses on the part of the listener for being misunderstood , or out of embarrassment .
Alternatively , it could generate an avoidance of social situations that create these stressful situations .
Language impairments create similar difficulties in communicating with others , but may also include difficulties in understanding what others are trying to say ( receptive language ) .
Because of the pervasive nature of language impairments , communicating , reading , writing , and academic success may all be compromised in these students .
Similar to individuals with speech impairments , individuals with language impairments may encounter long-term difficulties associated with work , school , social , and home environments .
Assistive technology .
Augmentative and alternative communication ( AAC ) includes all forms of communication other than oral communication that an individual might employ to make known his / her thoughts .
AAC work to compensate for impairments that an individual might have with expressive language abilities .
Each system works to maintain a natural and functional level of communication .
There is no one best type of AAC for all individuals ; rather , the best type of AAC will be determined by the strengths and weaknesses of a specific individual .
While there are a large amount of types of AAC , there are fundamentally two categories : aided and unaided .
Unaided systems of communication are those that require both communication parties to be physically present in the same location .
Examples of unaided systems include gestures , body language , sign language , and communication boards .
Communication boards are devices upon which letters , words , or pictorial symbols might be displayed ; the individual may interface with the communication board to express him / herself to the other individual .
Aided systems of communication do not require both individuals to be physically present in the same location , though they might be .
Aided systems are often electronic devices , and they may or may not provide some form of voice output .
If a device does create a voice output , it is referred to as a speech generating device .
While the message may take the form of speech output , it may also be printed as a visual display of speech .
Many of these devices can be connected to a computer , and in some cases , they may even be adapted to produce a variety of different languages .
Inclusion vs. exclusion .
Students identified with a speech and language disability often qualify for an Individualized Education Plan as well as particular services .
These include one-on-one services with a speech and language pathologist .
Examples used in a session include reading vocabulary words , identifying particular vowel sounds and then changing the context , noting the difference .
School districts in the United States often have speech and language pathologists within a special education staff to work with students .
Additionally , school districts can place students with speech and language disabilities in a resource room for individualized instruction .
A combination of early intervention and individualized support has shown promise increasing long-term academic achievement with students with this disability .
Students might work individually with a specialist , or with a specialist in a group setting .
In some cases , the services provided to these individuals may even be provided in the regular education classroom .
Regardless of where these services are provided , most of these students spend small amounts of time in therapy and the large majority of their time in the regular education classroom with their typically developing peers .
Therapy often occurs in small groups of three or four students with similar needs .
Meeting either in the office of the speech-language pathologist or in the classroom , sessions may take from 30 minutes to one hour .
They may occur several times per week .
After introductory conversations , the session is focused on a particular therapeutic activity , such as coordination and strengthening exercises of speech muscles or improving fluency through breathing techniques .
These activities may take the form of games , songs , skits , and other activities that deliver the needed therapy .
Aids , such as mirrors , tape recorders , and tongue depressors may be utilized to help the children to become aware of their speech sounds and to work toward more natural speech production .
Prevalence .
In 2006 , the U.S. Department of Education indicated that more than 1.4 million students were served in the public schools ’ special education programs under the speech or language impairment category of IDEA 2004 .
This estimate does not include children who have speech / language problems secondary to other conditions such as deafness ; this means that if all cases of speech or language impairments were included in the estimates , this category of impairment would be the largest .
Another source has estimated that communication disorders — a larger category , which also includes hearing disorders — affect one of every 10 people in the United States .
ASHA has cited that 24.1 % of children in school in the fall of 2003 received services for speech or language disorders — this amounts to a total of 1,460,583 children between 3 –21 years of age .
Again , this estimate does not include children who have speech / language problems secondary to other conditions .
Additional ASHA prevalence figures have suggested the following : Discrimination .
While more common in childhood , speech impairments can result in a child being bullied .
Bullying is a harmful activity that often takes place at school , though may be present in adult life .
Bullying involves the consistent and intentional harassment of another individual , and may be physical or verbal in nature .
Speech impairments ( e.g. , stuttering ) and language impairments ( e.g. , dyslexia , auditory processing disorder ) may also result in discrimination in the workplace .
For example , an employer would be discriminatory if he / she chose to not make reasonable accommodations for the affected individual , such as allowing the individual to miss work for medical appointments or not making onsite - accommodations needed because of the speech impairment .
In addition to making such appropriate accommodations , the Americans with Disabilities Act ( 1990 ) protects against discrimination in “ job application procedures , hiring , advancement , discharge , compensation , job training , and other terms , conditions , and privileges of employment ” .
Terminology .
Smith offers the following definitions of major terms that are important in the world of speech and language disorders .
History .
In the mid 19th century , the scientific endeavors of such individuals as Charles Darwin gave rise to more systematic and scientific consideration of physical phenomenon , and the work of others , such as Paul Broca and Carl Wernicke , also lent scientific rigor to the study of speech and language disorders .
The late 19th century saw an increase in “ pre-professionals , ” those who offered speech and language services based upon personal experiences or insights .
Several trends were exhibited even in the 19th century , some have indicated the importance of elocution training in the early 19th century , through which individuals would seek out those with training to improve their vocal qualities .
By 1925 in the USA interest in these trends lead to the forming of the organization that would become American Speech-Language-Hearing Association ( ASHA ) and the birth of speech-language pathology .
The twentieth century has been proposed to be composed of four major periods : Formative Years , Processing Period , Linguistic Era , and Pragmatics Revolution .
The Formative Years , which began around 1900 and ended around WWII , was a time during which the scientific rigor extended and professionalism entered the picture .
During this period , the first school-based program began in the U.S. ( 1910 ) .
The Processing Period , from roughly 1945-1965 , further developed the assessment and interventions available for general communication disorders ; much of these focused on the internal , psychological transactions involved in the communication process .
During the Linguistic Era , from about 1965-1975 , professionals began to separate language deficits from speech deficits , which had major implications for diagnosis and treatment of these communication disorders .
Lastly , the Pragmatics Revolution has continued to shape the professional practice by considering major ecological factors , such as culture , in relation to speech and language impairments .
It was during this period that IDEA was passed , and this allowed professionals to begin working with a greater scope and to increase the diversity of problems with which they concerned themselves .

Richard Orjis
Richard Orjis ( born 1979 ) is an artist based in Auckland , New Zealand .
Biography .
Orjis was born in Whanganui , New Zealand and studied at the Auckland University of Technology and Carnegie Mellon University , Pittsburgh earning a BVA in 2001 , and graduating with an MFA from The Elam School of Fine Art , University of Auckland in 2006 .
While living in New York , Orjis worked for photographer and film maker David LaChapelle and collaborated on several projects with Cuban American artist Anthony Goicolea .
Work .
All his work is designed to illustrated non - existent , shadowy social groups , engaged in ambiguous activity .
They appear to be a group of Europeans who have gone feral in a tropical jungle .
Covered wholly or partially in mud , they stare dully out at the camera through elaborate necklaces and garlands of brightly coloured , sensuous flowers .
Phallic and vulval forms dominate the arrangements ( pitcher plants and orchids ) .
The figures are passive and unthreatening , but also generate frissons of evil and madness and exert a horrid fascination .
Mud was the medium of Orjis ' graduation show in 2006 , " My Empire of Dirt " .
Using mud and water , he did a fey series of works on paper depicting semi - clad figures singly and in groups .
Some scenes were set in woodland , and the heads of some figures seemed to have morphed into grotesque wood galls while others wore helmets .
Exhibitions .
2009 The Enchanted Garden , Art Gallery Toi o Tamaki , NZ Richard Orjis , Starkwhite Gallery , Auckland , NZ * Recent : Ten Contemporary NZ Photographers , Tauranga Art Gallery , NZ Animal Farm : 4 Legs Good , Sargeant Gallery , Whanganui , NZ Flora : Growth Between Neighbours , Victoria University , Melbourne , Australia Seen this Century , Judith Anderson Gallery , Hastings , NZ 2008 little black flower grow , in the sky , Luis Adelantado , Valencia , Spain * YES , Te Tuhi Centre for Arts , Auckland , NZ* Richard Orjis , Starkwhite , Auckland , NZ* Landslide , McNamara Gallery , Whanganui , NZ* Welcome to the Jungle , The Physic Room , Christchurch , NZ * The Maui Destiny , The Suter Te Aratoi o Whakatu , Nelson , NZ 2007 Vice , Luis Adelantado , Miami ,
USA My Empire of Dirt : Selected works on paper , Roger Williams Contemporary , Auckland , NZ* Picnics and Revolutions , Roger Williams Contemporary , Auckland , NZ Richard Orjis / Todd Stratton , Roger Williams Contemporary , Auckland , NZ Art is 4 Lovers , Butterfly Net , Auckland , NZ Jewellery out of Context : an exhibition of New Zealand artists / curated by Dr Carole Sheperd and Peer Deckers , Object Space , Auckland , NZ Fat of the Land , Creative New Zealand , Auckland , NZ Asian at the Wheel , Gus Fisher Gallery , The University of Auckland , Auckland , NZ 2006 The New Situationists , City Gallery , Wellington , NZ The New Situationists , Canary Gallery , Auckland , NZ The Orchid Show , Mount Street , Auckland , NZ Arquivar Tormentas , Centro Galego De Arte Contemporanea ,
Santiago , Spain Dep_art_ment , Auckland , New Zealand * Summer Exhibition , Roger Williams Contemporary , Auckland , NZ 2005 Me , Me , Me , Room 103 , Auckland , New Zealand Bring Your Caddy , Stanbeth House , Auckland , New Zealand Dep_art_ment , Auckland , New Zealand * 2004 Richard Orjis , Galeria Luis Adelantado , Valencia , Spain * Richard Orjis , Galeria Llucia Homs , Barcelona , Spain * 2003 In Faccia Al Mondo ' Contemporary Portraits in Photography ' , The Museum of Contemporary Art of Villa Croce , Genoa , Italy Angst , RARE , New York City Group Show , Galeria Luis Adelantado , Valencia , Spain Collections .
The Film Archive , Wellington , NZ Jenny Gibbs Collection , Auckland , NZ The Ministry of Education , Culture and Sport Collection , Madrid , Spain The University of Auckland Art Collection , Auckland , NZ Wallace Trust Collection , Auckland , NZ Bibliography .
– Arevalo , Pilar , – 'Narcissist , artist or just taking the piss ?
' , Oyster , Issue 43 , December / January 2003 , pp. 48–51 – Battersby , Shandelle , - 'Richard Orjis , Artists and Mud Fan ' , Time Out , The New Zealand Herald , 17–23 May 2007 , p .
5 – Brown , Warwick , - ' Seen This Century : 100 Contemporary New Zealand Artists ’ , Godwit , Random House , 2009 , pp. 304–307 – Capdevilla , Marta , – ‘Up-State ’ , Suite , 29 , October 2004 , p .
64 – Chang , Lulu , – ‘ The Garden of Unearthly Delight ’ , Soma , Volume 21.4 , May / June 2007,p .
30 – Coney , Hamish , - ‘Future Schlock : An old fogey looks at the work of today ’s yoof ’ , Ideolog , #7 , January – February 2007 , p .
95 or http://idealog.co. nz/magazine/January-February-2007/workshop/future-schlock – ‘Gallery ’ , Black , No 7 , Summer 2007/08 , p .
176 ( Artists Page ) – Hall , Oliver , – ‘International Achiever ’ , Express , 25 April – 1 May 2007 , pp. 10–11 – Hamilton , Summer , – ‘Auckland Art Fair 07 ’ , KiaOra , May 2007 , p72 – Laird , Tessa , - ‘Secrets of the Soil : Richard Orjis and his Empire of Dirt ’ , White Fungus , Issue 8 , 2007 , pp. 34–41 – Lingard , Jason , – ‘Richard Orjis ’ , Nothing Magazine , Issue 11 2007 http://www.nothingmag.com/_issue11/index.html – McNaughton , Harry , ‘ Richard Orjis ’ , No. Magazine , Issue 1 , March 2008 , pp. 18–19 – Mogutin , Slava , - ‘Anthony et Richard ’ , TETU , No 88 , April 2004 , p .
34–35 – Mudie , Ella , - ‘ The Dark side : Richard Orjis ’ , Dazed and Confused Aus / NZ , Volume 1 Issue 3 2007 , p .
137 – Northcross , Wayne , – ‘ Razzle-Basel ’ , Instinct , Vol 6 Issue 2 , February 2003 , p .
16 – Olveira , Manuel , – ‘A Story with a viewpoint ’ , Arquivar Tormentas , Centro Galego De Arte Contemporanea , Santiago , Spain , pp. 27–31 – Orjis , Richard , – ‘Momento Mori ’ , New Zealand Home & Entertaining , April / May 2006 , pp. 62–69 – Orjis , Richard – ‘Coal Choir ’ , No Magazine , Issue 2 2008 , pp. 61–69 – Pickens , Robyn , - ‘Expressions of Contradictions ’ , The Press , Christchurch , Wednesday , 16 April 2008 , p.D5 – Real Art Trust Staff , – ‘Real Art Roadshow : The Book ’ , Real Art Charitable Trust , 2009 , pp. 162–163 – Serrat , Carlos , ‘ Contemporary Paganism ’ , The Creator Studio ’ , # 11 Rituals , April 2008 , pp. 4–13 – Suau , Christina , – ‘Richard Orjis ’
, ELLE , Spain , No. 197 , February 2003 , p .
72 – Tabron , Delaney , – ‘Richard Orjis ’ , Pavement , Summer 2004/2005 , Issue 66 , p .
43 – Ventur , Conrad , - ‘NYC Photographers ’ , Useless Magazine , Vol 1 No 1 , Fall / Winter 2004 , p .
46 – Williams , Melinda , – ‘Hip to be square ’ , Sunday Life and View , Herald on Sunday , 3–9 April 2005 , pp. 6–8 References .
1 .
Warwick Brown , ‘Seen This Century : 100 Contemporary New Zealand Artists ’ , Godwit , Random House , 2009 , pp. 304–307

Stony Hill , Jamaica
Stony Hill is a residential neighbourhood in St. Andrew Parish , Surrey County , on the northern outskirts of Kingston , Jamaica .
it had a population of 8,388 .
The St. Andrew Juvenile Remand Centre of the Department of Correctional Services , Jamaica is located in the Stony Hill .

Trinity Ville , Jamaica
Trinity Ville is a settlement in Jamaica .
It has a population of 2,894 as of 2009 .

Voltar ( G. I. Joe )
Voltar is a character from the toyline and comic book series .
He is affiliated with the Iron Grenadiers as Destro 's general and debuted in 1988 .
Profile .
Voltar was a successful mercenary commander that grew too successful for his continued presence to be tolerated by the provisional governments , revolutionary councils , and military dictatorships that employed him .
Destro feels that Voltar has the one quality he admires most in a general – luck .
Action figures .
Voltar was first released as an action figure in 1988 .
The 1988 Target exclusive release of Voltar is a double - pack with Muskrat .
The packaging text specifies the two characters have a particular hatred of each other .
Marvel Comics .
In the Marvel Comics " G. I. Joe " series , he first appeared in issue #87 .
There , he assists in the defense of Destro 's Scotland castle , when Cobra attacks , angered that Destro is a military arms competitor .
Voltar had previously hid armored vehicles in haystacks outside of the castle , which is helpful later .
The battle ends when Destro negotiates a truce .
Voltar leads a combined Grenadiers and Cobra faction in the fictional country of Sierra Gordo .
It is infiltrated by Lt. Falcon , Shockwave and Recondo who disguise themselves as local slave labor .
The Cobra facility comes under attack by the Oktober Guard who rescues " El Jefe " , a political leader that Voltar had been holding .
In the resulting battle , most of the Guard are slain , many Iron Grenadiers die , and the Joes and Guard survivors are captured .
The effects of this incident continue into issue #92 of the regular series .
Voltar deals with El Jefe again , when he is one of the many heads of state to view a sales demonstration on Cobra Island .
Voltar becomes wary of Doctor Mindbender and Cobra Commander at this meeting .
However , during this event the original Cobra Commander returns from years of seclusion , and has many agents whom he views as traitors to his cause buried in the volcano of Cobra Island , within the confines of a landlocked freighter .
Voltar is amongst this group , and he dies some time later , due to botulism from canned food that those trapped used to keep themselves alive .
Video game .
Voltar appeared as a boss in the 1991 " G. I. Joe " video game for the Nintendo Entertainment System .

Porto de Moz
Porto de Moz , Pará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Ulster Spring , Jamaica
Ulster Spring is a settlement in Jamaica .
In 2009 , its population was recorded as 1,376 .

Faro , Pará
Faro , Pará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Terra Santa
Terra Santa is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Alenquer , Pará
Alenquer is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .
The town is located on the northern bank of the Amazon River , roughly across from the city of Santarém .

Curuá
Curuá is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Vineyard Town , Jamaica
Vineyard Town is a neighbourhood in Kingston , Jamaica .

Monte Alegre , Pará
Monte Alegre , Pará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Placas
Placas is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Diane Marie Amann
Diane Marie Amann is the Associate Dean for International Programs & Strategic Initiatives & Emily and Ernest Woodruff Chair in International Law at the University of Georgia School of Law and an Affiliated Faculty Member at the University of Georgia African Studies Institute .
She is an expert on the interaction of national , regional , and international legal regimes in efforts to combat atrocity and cross-border crime , in areas ranging from counterterrorism measures at Guantánamo to international criminal justice efforts at The Hague .
In December 2012 , International Criminal Court Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda named Amann her Special Adviser on Children in and affected by Armed Conflict .
Amann holds a Doctor honoris causa degree from Utrecht Universiteit in the Netherlands , a J. D. from Northwestern University School of Law in Chicago , an M. A. in political science from the University of California , Los Angeles , and a B. S. in journalism from the University of Illinois , Urbana-Champaign .
She served as a law clerk to U.S. Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens and practiced as a federal criminal defense attorney in San Francisco before entering academia .
Formerly Professor of Law and founding Director of the California International Law Center at the University of California , Davis School of Law ( Martin Luther King , Jr. Hall ) , she served as Vice President of the American Society of International Law from 2009-2011 and as Chair of the Section on International Law of the Association of American Law Schools from 2009 to 2010 .
She is a board member of the National Institute of Military Justice .
She is on the External Board of the Transitional Justice Institute at the University of Ulster .
Amann is Editor-in-Chief of the American Society of International Law " Benchbook on International Law " ( 2014 ) .
In addition to her print publications , Amann has blogged at The New York Times ' Room for Debate , SCOTUSblog , Slate 's Convictions , The Blog of Legal Times , and The Huffington Post .
She was the founding editor and contributor of IntLawGrrls , a blog that featured contributors from more than 300 judges , academics , students , and practitioners , from 2007 to 2012 ; subsequently , she launched a solo blog , Diane Marie Amann .

Benevides
Benevides is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Wakefield , Jamaica
Wakefield is a settlement in Jamaica .
It has a population of 2,694 as of 2009 .

Marituba
Marituba is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .
It is the smallest municipality of Pará and the smallest in all Northern Brazil .

Santa Bárbara do Pará
Santa Bárbara do Pará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Bujaru
Bujaru is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Inhangapi
Inhangapi is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Santa Isabel do Pará
Santa Isabel do Pará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Suchitra Center
Suchitra Junction or Suchitra Center Suchitra cross roads is one of the fastest growing suburbs of Hyderabad , Telangana , India .
It has become a hub on Bowenpally-Medchal Road .
The western road leads to Chintal , Shahpur , Jeedimetla IDA .
The eastern road leads to Alwal via Loyola College .
Suchitra is witnessing traffic issues during rush hours .
The second bridge that completes the NH 7 over the railway line that cuts the highway at Suchitra has been completed recently after several years .
There is a new post office named Suchitra Junction with a separate pincode assigned 500067 .
History .
There was an electronic component unit by name Suchitra Electronics Ltd. at Suchitra Junction from 1981 to 2000 .
This company was promoted by Krishnam Raju They were employing over 1500 employees here when there was not even a bus service to this area .
This was a major establishment in those days .
Hence it came to be known as Suchitra Junction .
At the same premises Suchitra Academy ( CBSE School ) has been set up .
The proposal , which recently got a nod from the State Government looks to expand the MMTS in different directions .
Presently , the service is run between Lingampally-Nampally , Lingampally-Falaknuma and Falaknuma-Nampally .
The proposal is to spread its reach to Shamshabad , Ghatkesar , Medchal and Patancheru .
It has also been decided to revive certain sections like Moulali-Sanathnagar which are presently catering to the goods service .
Once done , this line will have the MMTS serving residents of Ferozeguda , Bowenpally , Venkatapuram , Bhudevi 4colNagar , Lothukunta , Neredmet , East Anand Bagh and Moulali .
Introducing the service on Secunderabad-Ghatkesar route will mean the entire 19 km stretch getting a swank and quick transport system .
As of now , this line has stations at Lallaguda , Lalapet , Moulali , Cherlapalli and the Singapore Township while some new ones are to be identified on the route .
Along Malkajgiri , Dayanand Nagar , Safilguda , R. K. Puram , Bowenpally , Ammuguda , Cavalry Barracks , Alwal , Bolarum Bazaar , Gundla Pochampalli and Gowdavalli the MMTS will touch these spots while racing towards Medchal .
The Secunderabad-Medchal line is expected to be around 28 km long .
On the busy Patancheru sector , the service which presently terminates at Lingampally gets extended till the bustling industrial estate with new stations identified at Tellapur , BHEL , Ashoknagar and Patancheru .
In fact , the Transit Oriented Development ( TOD ) concept suggests the growth of a city along rail corridors or along roads which are very wide , says the MMTS Project Director , N. V. S. Reddy .
Like the Outer Ring Road ( ORR ) , the MMTS expansion project too is likely to spur interest of those looking to invest in property .
Realtors have already been rushing to the proposed ORR sites for layouts even while the administration is giving a serious consideration to set up quite a few satellite townships alongside the ORR .
And the same is expected to happen as the MMTS expands , taking new areas into its fold .
Real estate watchers say the stretches getting connected with a faster , efficient , affordable and pollution free MMTS service will soon witness a new buzz .
" The MMTS phase-I mainly catered to the city which is already choking .
The second phase servicing suburbs like Medchal , Ghatkesar and Shamshabad is bound to increase property values , " says a realtor .
When completed , the second phase of MMTS along with the first phase is expected to bring the service within 1 km reach for 31 per cent of the population and within 4 km reach for 78 per cent population .
Since it criss-crosses the city core and also the outskirts , the two phases will have 38 per cent employment centres within 1 km reach and 84 per cent of them within a 4 km radius .
Reliance digital , Surabhi Multicusine restaurant , Swagath Grand etc. Colonies in Suchitra Center .
BHEL Avemachs , Praga Tools Colony , Sri Durga Estates , Raghavendra Colony , Gayatri Nagar , Bank Colony , MNReddy Nagar , Ramaraj Nagar , Jayaram Nagar , Venkateshwara Colony , New Manikyanagar , Bhagyalaxmi Colony , Godavari Homes and many Apartments .
shantha sriram satellite township Basic Amenities .
Suchitra Center got many amenities like good schools , banks , hospitals , supermarkets , restaurants like Swagath Grand , Surabhi Pride , Bommarillu , Dominos , Subway , KFC were established and electronic showrooms like Reliance digital , Samsung , Yesmart , Bajaj Electronics and marvel computers were already established and many showrooms were expected ... Also a shopping mall is under the construction which will have multiplex with 6 screens , food courts , shops and hyper market ... etc.

Santo Antônio do Tauá
Santo Antônio do Tauá is a municipality in the state of Pará in the North region of Brazil .

Augusto Corrêa
Augusto Corrêa is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

White House , Jamaica
White House is a settlement in Jamaica .
It has a population of 3,476 as of 2009 .
Accommodating just under 4,000 residents now , Whitehouse is known traditionally for its vibrant fishing industry .
Many businessowners and retailers across Jamaica converge at the Whitehouse beaches to get their fresh seafood supply on a weekly basis .
But that is fast changing ( or should I say improving ) .
Yes , the WhiteHouse offering is more diversified now ... The town has benefited greatly from some major investments in its tourist industry and is reaping great dividends .
ATTRACTIONS : Since its opening to the market , the hotel has brought in thousands of fun-loving Jamaican enthusiast to this once , virtually unknown area of Jamaica - at least to the foreign tourists Visitors to White House can enjoy the village tour - including the local supermarkets as well as to explore the smaller communities within a 5 mile radius of the area .
As it is today though , most of the visitors to Whitehouse seems to enjoy the experience of the tours and excursions east of the town .
These include excursions to : The Pelican Bar , Black River Safari , YS Falls , The Appleton Rum tour As well as the Catamaran cruises ( including sunset cruises ) where thumping reggae music and light food and drinks are enjoyed .
There is also great fun to be had at the two popular public beaches just outside of whitehouse : The Bluefields Beach ( West ) & The Font Hill Beach ( East )

Bonito , Pará
Bonito , Pará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Bragança , Pará
Bragança , Pará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .
History .
The city was originally founded as New Bragança ( after Bragança , Portugal ) .

The Situations and Names of Winds
The Situations and Names of Winds ( ; ) is a spurious work sometimes attributed to Aristotle .
The text lists winds blowing from twelve different directions and their alternative names used in different places .
According to the manuscript version of the work , " The Situations and Names of Winds " is an extract from a larger work entitled " On Signs " ( " De Signis " ) likely written by a member of the peripatetic school .

Capanema , Pará
Capanema , Pará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .
" 'Capanema " ' is a municipality in the state of Pará .
It is located at a latitude 01 ° 11'45 " South and longitude 47 ° 10 ' 51 " west , with an altitude of 24 meters .
Its population in 2009 was 64,429 inhabitants .
Despite being a city average , requires great influence in the region in trade and services .
A receptive and lively city , where it became home to many immigrants from various regions of Brazil , mainly from Northeast .
History .
The origin of the name Capanema occurred during the construction of telegraph constructed by engineer William Schuch , the Barão de Capanema , the mining village of Antonio Pereira , Ouro Preto , born January 17 , 1824 , son Austrians .
He studied engineering at the Polytechnic School of Vienna and returned to Brazil with all the credentials that allowed him to modern scientific training .
Under the auspices of the emperor , on May 11 , 1852 , he founded the National telegraph , which was the first and only director .
Capanema The river 's name was also given in his honor , as was the river that William Schuch and his team stopped to rest in between work .
Geography .
Capanema is distant 160 km from Belém on the highway ( BR 316 ) .
It is the city 's most developed region bragantina in northeastern in state of Pará .
Here is manufactured cement Nassau , the first and largest cement plant in the state .
Capanema is the city that has better bragantina region 's economic development , it can be proved by per capita GDP that is above the regional average .
But there are still major problems in local infrastructure , such as paving roads , sewage and water supply .
Industry .
The industry Capanema is not yet consolidated .
However has a remarkable average structure .
One of these is the producer of Cement Cibrasa Nassau , a large manufacturing company located in the municipality of Capanema .

Igarapé-Açu
Igarapé-Açu is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .
The population of the municipality is approximately 36,883 inhabitants according to IBGE estimate in 2013

Nova Timboteua
Nova Timboteua is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Peixe-Boi
Peixe-Boi is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Primavera , Pará
Primavera , Pará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Williamsfield , Jamaica
Williamsfield is a settlement in Manchester Parish Jamaica .
Williamsfield Estate .
Williamsfield gets its name from the Williamsfield Estate which was a sugar plantation first established in the 1740s : Demography .
It has a population of 3,299 as of 2009 .

Quatipuru
Quatipuru is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Santa Maria do Pará
Santa Maria do Pará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Santarém Novo
Santarém Novo ( English : New Santarem ) is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

São Francisco do Pará
São Francisco do Pará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Tracuateua
Tracuateua is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Baião , Pará
Baião , Pará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Igarapé-Miri
Igarapé-Miri is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Limoeiro do Ajuru
Limoeiro do Ajuru is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Mocajuba
Mocajuba is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Oeiras do Pará
Oeiras do Pará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Salting ( initiation ceremony )
Saltings were festive ceremonies which , in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries , initiated Cambridge and Oxford freshmen into the academic and social communities of their individual colleges .
Humorous speeches by one or more sophisters ( second - or third-year students ) introduced first-year students to the assembled college society .
Recently texts of several salting speeches have been identified .
Relatively little is known about the conventions governing these entertainments ; when the tradition died out in the mid - seventeenth century , most of the performance details were lost as well .
Nevertheless elements of the tradition are preserved in the texts and may be amplified by students ' diaries , tutors ' account books , and university statutes regulating the custom .
Contemporary accounts .
Saltings seem to have been performed - with periodic lapses - in various colleges in both universities for over one hundred and fifty years .
The earliest known reference to the custom , dated 1509-10 , is the record of a salting payment made by John Fisher on behalf of his protégé Gilbert Latham of Christ 's College , Cambridge .
The latest dated reference is Anthony Wood 's reminiscent account of his own salting ceremony at Merton College , Oxford in 1647-8 .
Wood states that the tradition , at least at Oxford , had fallen into disuse by the time of the Restoration .
At Cambridge salting ceremonies , the " father " delivered a speech in verse addressing each of his " sons " in turn - punning on names , joking about appearances , highlighting personal traits or idiosyncrasies , or telling witty anecdotes about each one .
The freshmen were apparently sometimes required to respond , but whether their ripostes were meant to be prepared or extemporaneous is unclear .
Official reaction .
Salting nights were occasions for great celebration and were evidently notorious for their rowdiness .
Simonds D' Ewes reported that at a Pembroke salting , " a great deal of beer , as at all such meetings , was drunk " and that after an evening of overindulgence , he " got but little rest during the night " ; which had the salutary effect of making him cautious ever after , as he had never been before , " to avoid all nimiety of this kind .
" Not surprisingly , this kind of skylarking provoked prohibitive reactions from the authorities .
The Elizabethan statutes of Cambridge University expressly forbade saltings , but such injunctions were often ignored .
Salting payments .
Periodic injunctions notwithstanding , Cambridge college authorities seem to have sanctioned - to some degree at least - the practice of saltings ; many payments of students ' salting fees , for example , can be found recorded in their tutors ' account books .
Each student was charged for his salting according to precedence and means : the generally accepted fee scale appears to have been six pence for sizars , two shillings for pensioners , and three shillings and four pence for fellow commoners .
These fees may have contributed to the cost of a special salting night dinner to celebrate the occasion .
The significance of salt .
From the earliest times , this mystical mineral has borne powerful connotations .
In the Old Testament , God refers to his promise to Aaron as a " covenant of salt forever .
" In the Middle Ages , a pinch of salt was placed on the tongues of those being baptized , perhaps to symbolize their preservation from evil .
This association of salt with a candidate 's admission into the privileges and protection of the Christian church may well be the root of the significance of salt in freshman initiation ceremonies .

Aurora do Pará
Aurora do Pará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Sexy , Sexy Lover
Sexy , Sexy Lover is the second single from the Modern Talking eighth album , " Alone " .

Cachoeira do Piriá
Cachoeira do Piriá is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Capitão Poço
Capitão Poço is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Garrafão do Norte
Garrafão do Norte is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Ipixuna do Pará
Ipixuna do Pará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Irituia
Irituia is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Mãe do Rio
Mãe do Rio is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Nova Esperança do Piriá
Nova Esperança do Piriá is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Ourém , Pará
Ourém , Pará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Santa Luzia do Pará
Santa Luzia do Pará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

São Miguel do Guamá
São Miguel do Guamá is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Curuçá
Curuçá is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Magalhães Barata
Magalhães Barata is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Maracanã , Pará
Maracanã , Pará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Marapanim
Marapanim is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Salinópolis
Salinópolis is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Josip Jurčević
Josip Jurčević ( born in Studenci near Imotski , 1951 ) is a Croatian historian and politician .
He grew up in Zagreb .
He graduated in history and philosophy from the Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences , University of Zagreb in 1975 .
Josip Jurčević is the father of seven children .
He is the author of several books .
At the University of Osijek and at the Pedagogical University in Petrinja he has teaching positions .
Josip Jurčević is a member of a Croatian War Veterans Association .
The " Nacional " newspaper described him in 2006 as the new voice of the Croatian right .
Jurčević ran as a non-party candidate in the Croatian presidential election , 2009–2010 where he won 2.74 % of the vote and was eliminated in the first round .
Research and views .
In his book " Prikrivena stratišta i grobišta jugoslavenskih komunističkih zločina " Jurčević investigated mass executions in Yugoslavia after the end of WWII .
According to his analysis , Yugoslav Communists committed 89 % of all crimes during the war and postwar period , Italian occupiers 8 % of all crimes , Yugoslav partisans and Chetniks 1.5 % , while the NDH regime committed 0.13 % of the crimes .

São Caetano de Odivelas
São Caetano de Odivelas is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

São João da Ponta
São João da Ponta is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

São João de Pirabas
São João de Pirabas is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Terra Alta , Pará
Terra Alta , Pará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

San Juan High School
San Juan High School is an American public high school in Citrus Heights , California in the San Juan Unified School District .
History .
The community of Citrus Heights realized in 1911 that there was a need for a four-year high school in the area , and San Juan High School ( then known as the Grammar School ) began in a small building located in the town of Fair Oaks .
In 1913 , the San Juan Union High School District was organized .
This district was composed of the Sylvan , Orangevale , Fair Oaks , Roberts , and San Juan Districts .
46 students were enrolled in the Grammar School during the 1913-1914 school year , of which 41 were freshmen .
Dorothy Gertrude Jerauld , the first student to complete studies at the Grammar School , graduated in June 1914 .
After Citrus Heights ' founder Walter Trainor donated land , construction began on a new school at the current location off of Greenback Lane in 1915 .
An influx of students from around the Sacramento area , Folsom included , increased enrollment to 92 students .
The original building was expanded in 1938 , when work was completed on the " A " and " B " wings of San Juan High School , and two years later , enrollment had increased to 400 students .
The older portions of the school had fallen into disrepair , but began to be used again at this time .
More wings were added after World War II , and a shop and gymnasium were also added .
Approximately 800 students currently attend the school .
The San Juan Alumni Association was formed in 1980 and had 1,100 dues paying members as of 2011 .

Acará
Acará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Concórdia do Pará
Concórdia do Pará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Moju
Moju is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Tailândia , Pará
Tailândia , Pará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Kevin O ' Leary ( poker player )
Kevin O ' Leary ( born May 10 , 1969 , in Blackfriars , London , UK ) is a professional poker player of English descent .
A former antiques dealer , he is known on the poker tournament circuit by the nickname " Lovejoy " , in reference to the 1980s BBC TV series of the same name , which starred Ian McShane .
Early years .
Formerly a regular player on the South London pro-am snooker and 9 ball pool circuits , Kevin displayed a keen aptitude for games of skill , including most card games from the age of 17 or so .
Early employment included work as a decorator , postman , catamite , electronics engineer , and HVAC contracts engineer , before in his late twenties he began trading in antiques and bric - a - brac , where the nickname " Lovejoy " originated .
This continued into his early thirties , when poker gradually became a much more prevalent factor in his life .
Tournaments .
O ' Leary 's poker achievements to date include winning the inaugural GUKPT heads-up championships at London 's Grosvenor Victoria Casino , the Caesars Palace Las Vegas " Mega-Stack " championship event in 2008 , and making the final table of the televised VC Poker Cup in 2005 at Teddington studios England .
He is perhaps best known however , for his prolific tournament record at The Venetian in Las Vegas , where to date he has won a record 5 No - Limit Hold - Em tournaments in the poker room 's " Deepstack Extravaganza " series ( once in 2007 , once in 2008 and three times in 2009 ) , and has also twice won the Venetian 's Player of the Series award , again a record in itself .
He regularly makes the annual pilgrimage to Las Vegas , where he is a familiar face in Vegas tournaments , including the World Poker Tour , and the World Series of Poker , in which he has also cashed .
O ' Leary 's biggest single tournament cash to date is $ 272,000 , in the Caesars Palace " Mega-Stack " championship in Las Vegas .
He has played most poker variants over the years , but prefers live poker tournaments as opposed to online competitions and cash games , as he feels his edge in live events is much greater , something which appears to be borne out by his record in deepstack freezeout tournaments .
A three year sponsorship deal with UK bookmakers Blue Square ended in 2008 when O ' Leary opted to concentrate primarily on live poker rather than play equally live and online .
, his live poker tournament cashes exceed $ 990,000 .

Tomé-Açu
Tomé-Açu is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Kitsiputous
Kitsiputous , located in Enontekiö is one of the highest waterfalls in Finland .
The falls are located along the hiking trail leading to the Three Nations ' Border Point .
The waterfalls turn into frozen waterfalls during winter .

Conceição do Araguaia
Conceição do Araguaia is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .
The city is served by Conceição do Araguaia Airport .

Clint Formby
John Clinton Formby , known as Clint Formby ( December 22 , 1923 – July 31 , 2010 ) , was a veteran radio broadcaster called the " Old Philosopher " based in the small city of Hereford , Texas , the seat of Deaf Smith County in the Texas Panhandle .
His daily broadcast ran continuously on his KPAN AM & FM country-music station since October 10 , 1955 .
Eventually reduced to five minutes in length , Formby 's commentary was the oldest continuously - running broadcast by a single host in radio history .
Early life , education , and military .
Formby was born in McAdoo in Dickens County , also in West Texas , to John C. Formby ( 1902–1989 ) , a Rural Free Delivery carrier , and the former Willie Elsby ( 1903–1994 ) .
John and Willie married in 1922 , and Clint was their only child .
Clint Formby was the paternal grandson of Marshall Clinton Formby , Sr. ( 1877–1957 ) and the former Rosa Mae Freeman ( 1882–1971 ) .
He attended public schools in Plainview and then Dickens County , where he graduated in 1942 from McAdoo High School .
He played basketball , tennis , and was quarterback on the six-man football team at McAdoo .
He then began college at Texas Tech University in Lubbock .
However , he soon left college to enlist in the United States Army .
He served as a staff sergeant and medic , having been attached to the 235th General Hospital in Marseille , France .
He remained in Switzerland after the end of the war in April 1945 and attended the University of Basel in Basel .
After the war , he returned to Texas Tech where he met and married the first official Tech beauty queen , the former Margaret Clark ( July 12 , 1929 – April 10 , 2003 ) .
Margaret , who was reared on a ranch near Van Horn .
She founded the National Cowgirl Museum and Hall of Fame , first in the Hereford library and later in a large modern building in Fort Worth .
While a student at Texas Tech , Formby worked as a carpenter and painter during the summer of 1948 to help his maternal uncle , Marshall Formby , construct KPAN AM in Hereford .
Clint Formby 's was the first voice carried on the new radio station when it went on the air on August 4 , 1948 , exactly sixty-two years to the date of his own funeral .
In addition to his business pursuits , Marshall Formby was a Democratic state senator , a state highway commissioner , and a 1962 gubernatorial candidate .
Clint Formby was an older first cousin of state Senator Robert L. Duncan , a Lubbock Republican .
Clint Formby practically grew up with Duncan 's mother , Mae Robena Formby Duncan ( 1921–2009 ) , his aunt who was only two years his senior .
Career in radio .
Formby and his wife lived for a time in Colorado City , the seat of Mitchell County north of San Angelo , where they rented a garage apartment from attorney and future U.S. Representative George Mahon .
Formby established a radio station in Snyder , the seat of Scurry County , and then began working on August 22 , 1951 , at his Uncle Marshall ’s radio station in Hereford for $ 47.50 per week .
He became a partner in the station and eventually bought out his uncle .
His persistent broadcasts , called " predictably unpredictable , " can touch on nearly any subject .
He has urged listeners to tip waiters and waitresses more generously .
He refuses to reveal his political party preference , advising listeners that they should be able to tell his inclination from his commentaries .
Once Vice President of the United States Lyndon B. Johnson contacted Formby to advise him that he would like to hear Formby speak at the First Baptist Church of Hereford , filling in for the absent pastor , but Johnson was unsure if his plane could land in the small Hereford airport .
About this time , Marshall Formby , the state highway commissioner , was seeking the Democratic gubernatorial nomination against Johnson ’s presumed favorite and eventual winner , John B. Connally , Jr. Clint Formby served as his uncle' s campaign manager in the gubernatorial primary .
Formby in time charted a radio path across Texas including outlets in Floydada , Tulia , Levelland , Andrews , Seminole , Tyler , Seminole , Huntsville , Temple , and Marshall .
In the 1950s , Formby went by train from Hereford to Chicago to attend the annual convention of the National Association of Broadcasters .
In one of his broadcasts , Clint Formby advocated dropping trade restrictions with Communist Cuba on the grounds that the Fidel Castro government is the only communist regime that has yet to kill an American citizen .
He also visited Cuba .
On another occasion , he scolded Hereford residents for parking their vehicles in their front yards .
A widower , Formby each week advises his married male listeners to kiss their wives goodnight .
KPAN calls itself the " only radio station in the world that gives a hoot about Hereford , Texas .
" Local sports are carried live on the Internet by KPAN .
Otherwise , listeners must connect through regular AM or FM radio .
Formby traveled widely across the United States and the world and reported on his varied trips to his listeners .
In 2010 , Formby 's Monday-Saturday program marked its 60th year on the air .
Officially known as the " Day - By - Day Philosopher " , the program ran for fifteen minutes from 7:45 to 8 a.m. for the first ten years and during the peak of radio drive time .
In later years , Formby reduced the time to five minutes , saying that listeners now have too short of an attention span to justify a longer broadcast .
It was the longest-running daily radio broadcast by an individual in America .
" The Old Philosopher " , as he was usually known , was featured on NBC 's " The Today Show " on December 29 , 2007 .
Formby claimed to have not missed a broadcast in more than 16,000 consecutive mornings .
His " Most Beautiful Alley " contest raised $ 89,000 in scholarship money for students attending the Hereford campus of the two-year Amarillo College in Amarillo .
In 1984 , Formby was inducted into the Hall of Fame of the Texas Broadcasters Association.Governor George W. Bush named Formby to the board of the Texas Telecommunication Infrastructure Fund .
In addition to KPAN , Formby ’s other remaining radio stations include KSAM/KHUN in Huntsville and KTEM in Temple , Texas .
Formby was a former board member of Broadcast Music , Inc. Civic matters .
Formby was involved over the years in civic affairs in Hereford , first as a member of the Junior Chamber .
He was a past president of the Kiwanis Club as well as district lieutenant governor and was involved in chartering two new clubs in West Texas .
He served as president of Deaf Smith County Chamber of Commerce and in 1964 received the " Citizen of the Year " award from that group .
He also won the " Good Neighbor Award " from the West Texas Chamber of Commerce .
He was a member of First Baptist Church , where he taught the boys ' high school Sunday school class for several years .
He and Margaret were later charter members of Fellowship of Believers Church .
He received the Texas Communicator of the Year from the Southern Baptist Convention .
He worked to bring cable television to Hereford as the managing partner of Hereford Cablevision from 1975-2006 .
Formby was the only person thus far to have appeared on the cover of " Texas Highways " magazine .
He was also the only individual thus far to have served Texas Tech University as president of the student body , head of the Texas Tech Alumni Association , and chairman of the Board of Regents of Texas Tech University .
Family and death .
The marriage of Clint and Margaret Formby produced five children , Larry C. " Chip " Formby ( born 1953 ) , who worked with his father at the station , along with Chip 's two sons by his wife Lisa , Jonathan and Lane Formby .
The other sons are Marshall Clark Formby and wife Betty along with their two children .
of San Antonio and Ben Formby and Scott C. Formby ( born 1961 ) and wife Kathy , all of New York City .
A daughter , Linda Kay Formby , predeceased her parents .
Formby died of cancer at the age of eighty-six .
Services were held at First Baptist Church of Hereford on August 4 , 2010 , with pastor Kyle Streun officiating .
He is interred beside his wife and daughter at West Park Cemetery on the west edge of Hereford .

Floresta do Araguaia
Floresta do Araguaia is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Santa Maria das Barreiras
Santa Maria das Barreiras is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

East Ridge ( Wolf 's Head )
The Northeast Face of Pingora is a technical rock climbing route on the Wolf 's Head part of the Cirque of the Towers .
The route is featured in " Fifty Classic Climbs of North America " .

Brejo Grande do Araguaia
Brejo Grande do Araguaia is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Jon Sands
Jon M. Sands ( born 1956 ) is the Chief Federal Public Defender for the District of Arizona and has been since 2003 .
He serves as the chair of the Federal Defender Sentencing Committee .
Sands graduated magna cum laude from Yale University in 1978 , with an undergraduate degree in history .
He received a J. D. with honors from the University of California at Davis Law School in 1984 .
From 1984 through 1985 , he was a law clerk for Judge Mary M. Schroeder of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals .
Sands currently teaches courses in Trial Advocacy and Federal Criminal Practice and Procedure at the Arizona State University College of Law .
Professor Sands has served as Special Counsel to the United States Sentencing Commission , and prior to joining the Federal Public Defender 's office , he was with the Phoenix law firm of Meyer , Hendricks , Victor , Osborn , and Maledon .

Palestina do Pará
Palestina do Pará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Kyū Jō Show ! !
is the tenth single released by the Japanese boyband Kanjani8 .
The single was released in 2009 , the first single from the group since the release of " Musekinin Hero " more than a year prior .
The single , like its predecessor , was released in three different editions .
The regular edition contained the title track and three B-sides , while the limited editions only contained the title track , one B-side , and a DVD .
It also marks the first time since the release of " Sukiyanen , Osaka " in 2005 that a PV DVD was included with one of the group 's singles .
The B-side , " Hitotsu no Uta " , is a recording from their July Kyocera Dome concert .
Band member You Yokoyama plays on the hidden gag in this single 's release as the mysterious director of the television station that the band performs the title song at in the music video .
The mysterious director also appears in the CD jacket of the regular edition CD single .
The pun is based on Yokoyama 's popularity boost due to his portrayal of an unstable television director in the Nihon Television prime time drama , The Quiz Show 2 .

São Domingos do Araguaia
São Domingos do Araguaia is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

WROV-TV
WROV-TV , UHF Channel 27 in Roanoke , Virginia , was the second-oldest TV station in Roanoke ( having signed on shortly after WSLS-TV ) .
Established February 15 , 1953 , it left the air on July 13 , 1953 , becoming the first UHF television station in the United States to have ceased operations .
History .
In 1950s , the Federal Communications Commission had allocated channels 7 , 10 , and 27 for Roanoke and 13 for nearby Lynchburg , Virginia .
Shenandoah Life Insurance Company ( the owners of WSLS radio ) obtained the channel 10 license and launched WSLS-TV on December 11 , 1952 ; Roanoke Radio ( owners of WROV radio ) signed on soon after with Channel 27 .
Lynchburg Broadcasting signed on Channel 13 , WLVA , on February 8 , 1953 .
The station operated from a converted WROV radio studio at the Mountain Trust Bank building , using a transmitter atop Mill Mountain .
Operating with one camera from poorly lit studios , WROV-TV relied heavily on personnel such as Lee Garrett and Coleman Austin who were shared with the established radio station .
As TV manufacturers were not required at the time to include UHF tuners in new TV 's , few could receive the station .
According to Lee Garrett , " we could n't get the sponsors because we did n't have the programs and we could n't get the programs because we did n't have the sponsors .
A Catch 22 .
And we were the first and as far as I know the only station in the country who has ever voluntarily surrendered its permit to the FCC .
We gave it up .
" WROV-TV became the first UHF station in the country to go dark in 1953 ; its owners becoming competing applicants for the last available local VHF allocation , channel 7 .
Times World , a newspaper publisher which operated WDBJ radio , was seeking the channel 7 allocation for WDBJ-TV .
WROV ultimately was to drop its application for channel 7 in return for being able to recover its expenses by selling the WROV-TV facilities to WDBJ .
Frank Koehler , formerly in charge of WROV , was to leave the station to work for WDBJ .
Radio Roanoke stations WROV AM 1240 and WROV-FM 103.7 were ultimately sold to other investors as Times World , which already owned WDBJ AM 960 and WDBJ-FM 94.9 , was unable to take on additional radio stations on the same bands in the same market .
Epilogue .
Of the 130 pioneering UHF TV stations in US operation at the beginning of 1954 , only a minority were to survive .
Stations such as WBES-TV in Buffalo , New York and KCTY in Kansas City would soon follow WROV-TV into perpetual silence .
UHF TV 's outlook was to remain poor until the All - Channel Receiver Act finally required UHF tuners in new TV sets sold in or after 1964 .
A later attempt was made to launch ABC affiliate WRFT on channel 27 Roanoke ; this short-lived station , launched in 1966 , left the air in 1974 due to competition from the stronger Lynchburg station .
The channel would then remain vacant until 1986 , when a third station would launch as WVFT ; originally a religious broadcaster , it had become an independent commercial station within a year and soon became a successful Fox TV affiliate , WFXR .

Buddy Bonnecaze
Buddy Bonnecaze is an American poker player , winner of two World Series of Poker bracelets .
Bonnecaze began cashing in poker tournaments in the mid - 1980s and made his first cash in the World Series of Poker in 1986 , finishing in 35th place in the Main Event , winning $ 7,500 .
He won his first WSOP bracelet in 1992 in the $ 1,500 Pot Limit Hold'em event .
The next year , Bonnecaze won another bracelet , this time in the $ 1,500 Pot Limit Omaha event .
After nearly a decade away from the poker scene , Bonnecaze returned to tournaments and came close to winning the Winter Bayou Poker Challenge $ 300 No Limit Hold'em tournament in New Orleans in 2009 , finishing in 4th place and earning a $ 4,609 pay day .
As of 2009 , Bonnecaze has tournament winnings of $ 234,064 , with $ 205,465 of those winnings from the WSOP .

São João do Araguaia
São João do Araguaia is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Abel Figueiredo
Abel Figueiredo is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Space Mix ' 98
Space Mix ' 98 is the third single from the Modern Talking seventh album , " Back for Good " .
It 's a megamix .
The single was not released in Germany , Austria and Switzerland , but in the other countries in Europe and the rest of the world .

Bommeria
Bommeria is a genus of small pteridaceous rock ferns , native to the New World .
Genetic analysis has shown it to be a stem offshoot clade of all the cheilanthoid ferns ( in family Pteridaceae ) , except for " Doryopteris " , which is an even more basal ( " primitive " ) stem offshoot .
for years , it was assumed that this genus was closely allied with " Hemionitis " , but genetic analysis has shown that genus to be a more advanced genus evolutionarily .
The same set of analysis has shown many presumed genera within this family to be paraphyletic , but the small genus " Bommeria " appears to be monophyletic , or a natural genus .
" Bommeria " is a " gymnogrammoid " fern , exhibiting unprotected sori aligned along veins on the undersides of the fronds .
This is why it was assumed to be closely allied to " Hemionitis " .
Such a feature is strongly at odds with most pteridoid ferns ( Pteridaceae ) , which typically have linear marginal sori with an indusium , and sometimes protected with a reflexed leaf tissue margin .
Apparently , this is a trait that can arise independently , and may be an atavistic trait .
The stipes ( leaf stems ) of " Bommeria " are hairy , with some scales , and the fronds are hairy , both above and below .
The hairs above and short and sharp , while the hairs below may be straight or curled .
Scales are also present on the bottoms of the fronds .
The genus name honors Belgian botanist Jean - Édouard Bommer .
The basal chromosome number for this genus is " 2n=60 " ( " n=30 " ) .

Dom Eliseu
Dom Eliseu is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Paragominas
Paragominas is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Rondon do Pará
Rondon do Pará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Ulianópolis
Ulianópolis is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Água Azul do Norte
Água Azul do Norte is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Canaã dos Carajás
Canaã dos Carajás is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .
The world 's largest iron ore mining project , S11D , is being built nearby .

Curionópolis
Curionópolis is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Eldorado dos Carajás
Eldorado dos Carajás is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil , known for the massacre that occurred there , in 1996 , when 19 landless peasants were killed by police troops .

Parauapebas
Parauapebas is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .
Geography .
To the north is the municipality of Marabá ; to the east , Curionópolis ; to the south - east , Canaã dos Carajás ; to the south , Água Azul do Norte ; to the south - west , Ourilândia do Norte , and to the west , São Félix do Xingu .
Transport .
There are direct road connections with Marabá to the north - east , Curionópolis to the east , and Canaã dos Carajás to the south .
The municipality is served by Carajás Airport .
Leisure .
Parauapebas Futebol Clube is the municipality 's soccer club .

Pau D' Arco , Pará
Pau D' Arco is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Manis FM
Manis FM is a 24 - hours radio station and operated by Manis FM Corporation , which was trading under the name Husa Network Sdn .
Bhd .. Its headquarters are located in Kuala Terengganu , Terengganu .
History .
Manis FM began its operation in 1998 .
In the early years , Manis FM first transmitted to the city of Kota Bharu only .
The station were at first aired on 88.7 FM and aired for only 18 hours a day .
Its headquarters were at first located at Jalan Kebun Sultan in front of the Kelantan state Chinese business hall .
In 2003 , Manis FM started broadcasting 24 hours a day after moving to its new headquarters at Wisma Manis .
The frequency of Manis FM at Kota Bharu was changed to 90.6 FM .
The station also expanded to several states , especially in the east coast states of Terengganu and Pahang .
Manis FM also launched a website with a new user interface look .
Manis FM can be also tuned in Southern Thailand , Pulau Redang , Pulau Perhentian and around Segamat , Johor .

Piçarra
Piçarra is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Redenção , Pará
Redenção , Pará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .
The city is served by Redenção Airport .

São Geraldo do Araguaia
São Geraldo do Araguaia is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Sapucaia , Pará
Sapucaia is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Xinguara
Xinguara is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .
Transportation .
The locality is served by the Xinguara Municipal Airport .

Bannach
Bannach is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Cumaru do Norte
Cumaru do Norte is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Ourilândia do Norte
Ourilândia do Norte is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .
The city is served by Ourilândia do Norte Airport .

São Félix do Xingu
São Félix do Xingu is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .
The city is served by São Félix do Xingu Airport .
With an area of , it is the third largest municipality in Pará and the sixth largest in Brazil .

Breu Branco
Breu Branco is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Body Heart &amp; Spirit Tour
The Body Heart & Spirit Tour was the fourteenth concert tour by Australian singer Olivia Newton - John .
The tour , which went through four Asian countries , is a continuation of North American tour Grace and Gratitude Tour , also giving support to her twenty-second album , " Grace and Gratitude " .
It 's the first time that Newton-John visits this countries for a tour .

Itupiranga
Itupiranga is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Jacundá
Jacundá is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .
A considerable part of its economy is based on logging .

Nova Ipixuna
Nova Ipixuna is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Gretsch G6131
The Gretsch G6131 , or popularly known as the Gretsch Jet Firebird , is a guitar made by Gretsch .
The most popular use of this guitar is former AC/DC rhythm guitarist Malcolm Young and Crowded House lead singer and Split Enz co-frontman Neil Finn History .
The G6131 was released shortly after the Duo Jet and Silver Jet were issued .
The early Jet Firebirds had two DeArmond single coil pickups and block fret - markers .
In the end of the 50s decade , the guitars had Neo - Classic Thumbnail fret - markers and two Gretsch Filtertron humbucking pickups .
In 1962 , however , they became double cutaway guitars with gold hardware rather than chrome .
Also , instead of the standard vibratos of the earlier age , there were Burns tremolos .
Then , in 1968 the Bigsbys were optional with the guitars and instead of the filtertrons there were super - trons added on it .
This lasted until 1971 , when Gretsch decided to switch back to the original single cut models .
Variations .
There are many different versions of this guitar .
Such as :

Novo Repartimento
Novo Repartimento is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Tucuruí
Tucuruí is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .
The city is served by Tucuruí Airport .
The name Tucuruí is a Tupi word that means " river of ants " or " river of locusts " .
It 's the concatenation of two tupi words : tukura ( ants , locusts ) and ' y ( water ) .
The city is very famous because of its colossal Dam , the Tucuruí Dam which is administered by Eletrobrás Eletronorte - the constructor company of this large infrastructure project .
Economy .
Currently , Tucuruí city 's economy is based on agriculture and general commerce .
During its 60 years the commerce activity varied a lot .
In the beginning there was a railroad for draining out the production of the Brazil Nut ( known in Brazil as " Pará 's Nut " ) , a very abundant available product in the region .
The Tucuruí Dam developed the municipality and brought large industries for the region .
Tourism .
In Tucuruí you can explore the dam lake , one of the largest artificial lakes ever made by man .
It has 74,6 meters of depth and more than 2.500 kilometers of total extension .
You can visit islands , fishing Cichla or Tambaqui and see natural beauties that you can only find in Amazon .
You can also explore the historical site of city with some old buildings and the Museum of Extinct Railroad - the historical museum with a lot of pictures and objects from the city beginning .
You can check the train that was used in the period of Brazil Nut that was restored and placed in front of the Eletrobás Eletronorte Cultural Center .
You can come in the Cultural Center and schedule a visit inside the hydroelectric dam to know how it works .
In February you can come for Tucuruí carnival party , one of most known in region .
In June , there is the Tucunaré 's festival ( Cichla Festival ) , the festival where it 's served a lot of traditional preparation of fish in region .
Gastronomy .
Tucuruí has a privileged lake with a lot of species of fish .
Naturally , the local gastronomy has a lot of fish on it .
The most known is the Peixe no Saco ( Fish in the Bag ) .
The Peixe no Saco is an preparation of Chichla or Tambaqui with a wide variety of spices and herbs placed within the fish 's stomach .
The fish is then placed on a special waterproof bag with Soy sauce and roasted in oven or in firewood .
There are also other gastronomy options like the known indigenous food of the region .
There is the Tacacá ( a kind of broth made of tucupi , jambu [ a native variety of paracress ] , starch and shrimp served in a gourd usually to drink without spoon or fork .
There is just a toothpick for eating the shrimps and the herbs ) and the Vatapá and maniçoba .
Airport .
Tucuruí airport is located about 10 km far from the city .
It is currently served only by Azul Brazilian Airlines .

Brasil Novo
Brasil Novo is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Medicilândia
Medicilândia is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Pacajá
Pacajá is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Senador José Porfírio
Senador José Porfírio is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Uruará
Uruará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Vitória do Xingu
Vitória do Xingu is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Aveiro , Pará
Aveiro , Pará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Jacareacanga
Jacareacanga is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .
It is at the very centre of South America .

Novo Progresso
Novo Progresso is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .
The city is served by Novo Progresso Airport

Rurópolis
Rurópolis is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Trairão
Trairão is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .

Otis Junction , Oregon
Otis Junction is an unincorporated community in Lincoln County , Oregon , United States , at the junction of the former route of U.S. Route 101 and Oregon Route 18 , a half mile south of Otis .
It is a mile and a half east of where OR 18 intersects with the modern route of U.S. 101 .
Otis Junction is the site of the James Beard Award-winning Otis Café .
There has been a café at this location since the 1920s .
Pixieland , a former amusement park , was located a mile west of Otis Junction , near U.S. 101 .

International Environment Photographers Association
International Environment Photographers Association is an organization based in Japan focusing global environment issues through photographic activities .
Their goal is to make people aware about climate changes and conscious of environmental protection .
They held their 1st international exhibition at Amusement Sado in Sado , Niigata , Japan from 15 to 29 November 2009 .
Their philosophy is " Beautiful , natural landscape is deeply connected to the spiritual wealth of human beings . "

TV Makes the Superstar
TV Makes the Superstar is the only single from Modern Talking 's twelfth album , " Universe " , and also the band 's last single - release .

Cascate del Rio Verde
Cascate del Rio Verde , located in Borrello are the highest natural waterfalls in the Italian Apennines .
Cascate del Rio Verde consists of three jumps for a total of over 200 meters .
The panorama is made up of rocks , made up of calcarenites and marls resting on clay .

Amir Mohebi
Amir Mohebi , ( born 24 February 1981 ) is an Iranian footballer who currently plays for Pas Hamedan in Iran 's Premier Football League .
Club career .
Club career statistics .
Last Update 19 October 2010 International career .
In 2009 , Mohebi was summoned by the Iranian Football Federation to participate in a friendly match against Iceland .

Queensland state election , 1944
Elections were held in the Australian state of Queensland on 15 April 1944 to elect the 62 members of the state 's Legislative Assembly .
The election was the first that Labor had contested under Premier Frank Cooper , who had been in office for 19 months by the time of the poll .
From this election , the voting method was changed from contingency voting to First past the post voting .
Queensland retained this method for state elections until Preferential Voting was restored by the Country / Liberal Coalition at the 1963 state election .
The election resulted in Labor receiving a fifth term in office , albeit with a reduced majority .
Parties and independents .
Some ructions had developed between some sections of the Labor Party and the party 's AWU - dominated executive , resulting in tiny splinter movements which were , however , locally effective .
The Hermit Park branch in Townsville , which had dominated the Townsville City Council since 1939 , was expelled from the ALP for alleged disloyalty in 1942 , possibly due to association with Communists .
Tom Aikens won the seat of Mundingburra at the election .
Similar forces saw sitting left-wing members George Taylor ( Enoggera ) and George Marriott ( Bulimba ) expelled from the party ; the former lost his seat to a QPP candidate , while the latter retained his at the 1944 and 1947 elections .
Frank Barnes , a colourful identity who supported social credit theories popular since the Great Depression and declared himself opposed to the Labor government , retained his seat of Bundaberg .
Various changes were taking place in conservative politics as well , with the dissolution of the United Australia Party and the formation of the Queensland People 's Party ( QPP ) , led by the mayor of Brisbane and member for Hamilton , Sir John Beals Chandler .
The two independent conservatives elected in 1941 were both out of parliament by the election — Arthur Bruce Pie had resigned to contest the 1943 federal election , whilst William Deacon had died .
One of the former United Australia Party members , Louis Luckins ( Maree ) , did not join the QPP originally and retained his seat in 1944 as an independent .
Apart from the above , numerous independent candidates contested with a range of banners , including Democrat , Christian Socialist , Servicemen 's Association , People 's Party and Independent Country Party , none of them achieving more than a few hundred votes .
Fred Paterson was elected in Bowen , the only member of the Communist Party of Australia to be elected to an Australian parliament .
Results .
The election saw a swing away from Labor based on the 1941 election , as indicated in the table below .
In net terms , Labor lost four seats , although it still had a healthy working majority .

Botas
Botas or BOTAS may refer to :

Federal Impact Aid
Federal Impact Aid is designed to assist United States local school districts that have lost property tax revenue due to the presence of tax-exempt Federal property , or that have experienced increased expenditures due to the enrollment of federally connected children , including children living on Indian lands .
The Lanham Act ( 1940 ) provided for a rudimentary form of Impact Aid as payments in lieu of taxes for districts with military bases within their boundaries .
In 1941 , Congress amended the Lanham Act , expanding Impact Aid to include funding for the construction of public schools .
In 1950 , Congress enacted two laws , P. L. 815 and P. L. 874 , that began the grant program in its present form .
The Impact Aid statute is now Title VIII of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( ESEA ) ) , and the program 's regulations can be found in Title 34 of the Code of Federal Regulations , section 222 .
Total funding for this program has exceeded $ 1 billion since 2002 .
Payments for Federal Property ( Section 8002 of ESEA ) .
Payments for Federal Property are funded through a formula grant designed to offset the financial burden of school districts with large amounts of non - taxable , Federal land .
In order to receive a payment , the school district must be able to prove that the Federal government took land off the tax rolls that was worth at least 10 % of the total value of the district at that time of the government 's acquisition .
The amount of funding a district receives is based on a present valuation of the Federal property , which is derived from adjacent parcels in the school district .
Congress has funded this grant annually since the inception of the Impact Aid law .
Payments for Federally Connected Children ( Section 8003 of ESEA ) .
Payments for Federally Connected Children , otherwise known as " basic support payments , " are made through a formula grant program that provides assistance to local school districts with concentrations of children residing on Indian lands , military bases , low-rent housing properties , or other Federal properties , and concentrations of children who have parents in the uniformed services or employed on eligible Federal properties who do not live on Federal property .
School districts submit student counts annually for each of the eligible categories .
Each category is given a different weight in the funding formula .
For example , children who live on and whose parents work on Federal property are given a weight of one , while children who live in Federal low-rent housing ( subject to the Housing Act of 1937 ) are given a weight of 0.10 , and children whose parents are in the military but do not live on base are given a weight of 0.20 .
Students with disabilities in certain categories are weighted an additional amount , and payments for these students come from a separate appropriation .
The funding formula also accounts for average daily attendance in the district , percentage of students in the district who are federally connected , how many state and local funds are paid per student in the district , and the amount Impact Aid contributes to the district 's total expenditures .
Congress has funded this grant annually since the inception of the Impact Aid law .
School Construction ( Section 8007 of ESEA ) .
The Impact Aid law also provides for payments to school districts that need assistance with capital expenditures for construction activities because they educate large numbers of children who live on Federal land and because of the difficulty of raising local revenue through bonds for capital projects due to the inability to tax Federal property .
These funds may be awarded as a formula grant or a discretionary grant subject to competition .
Grantees are eligible for the formula awards if more than half of their enrollment lives on Indian land or has a parent in the military .
Priorities for the discretionary grants are generally based on a low ability for the applicant to raise revenue for capital improvements and emergency conditions at the school to be repaired or rebuilt .
School construction grants were funded under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 .
In fiscal Year 2011 , Congress funded only formula grants .
Discretionary grants were last funded in 2012 .

New Orleans Grand Prix
The New Orleans Grand Prix was a men 's tennis tournament played in New Orleans , Louisiana from 1978-1980 .
The event was part of the Grand Prix tennis circuit .
It was played on indoor carpet courts in the Louisiana Superdome .

James Christie ( soldier )
James Christie ( born 1869 ) from New Zealand served in the Boer War in South Africa in the Bushveldt Carbineers ( BVC ) .
He was one of the 15 BVC members who signed a letter of complaint about the actions of BVC officers at Fort Edward in the Spelonken , which led to the court-martial of Breaker Morant , Peter Handcock and George Witton and the execution of Morant and Handcock , see Court martial of Breaker Morant .
He claimed that he had refused to shoot a wounded Boer , and escorted Boer men , women and children to camp despite efforts to entice him away so they could all be shot .
His account in New Zealand newspapers in 1902 is one of the few published narratives of the BVC ( along with letters from Frank Eland ) .
Christie enlisted in the BVC at Durban on 19 April 1901 as a stockman aged 32 ; next-of-kin Mrs Christie of Otago , New Zealand .
For a short period he was with the BVC at Strydpoort and Chuniespoort , then transferred to the Spelonken .
He was in Sergeant Frank Eland 's troop , and was one of three of the troop with Eland during the attack on Viljoen 's commando at Duivelsklook when Eland and Captain Hunt were killed .
The three then took Eland 's body back to his farm ' Ravenshill ' for burial , while Hunt was buried at Reuter 's Medingen mission station .
His account below was published in the Evening Post ( Wellington ) from the Clutha Leader ( Otago ) in 1902 .
Field says ( page 173 ) that the Daily Telegraph ( Sydney , 10 April 1902 .
p 5 & 12 April p 9 ) " ... printed interviews with an Australian and a New Zealander who had served with the Bushveldt Carbineers .
Both of them regarded the shootings as cold-blooded murders .
" Published account .
EVIDENCE IN NEW ZEALAND / AN EYE - WITNESS ' S ACCOUNT OF / A BRUTAL DEED [ OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT ] / DUNEDIN , This Day .
The Clutha Leader says editorially that it received a full report of the crimes charged against the Bush Veldt Carbineers four months ago from an eye - witness; but the correspondent asked that the communication should be kept private till the conclusion of the war , and the paper felt in honour bound to comply with the request .
This eye-witness was one of those who laid the informations against the now executed officers , and was a principal witness at their trial .
After saying that he and others refused to shoot a wounded Boer when ordered to do so , the writer proceeds - THE BUSH VELDT HORRORS / REVELATIONS OF A FORMER CLUTHA RESIDENT The eye-witness whose blood-curdling account of the dark deeds of the Bush Veldt Carbineers has been published by the Clutha Leader turns out to be James Christie of Clutha , who got his discharge from the Bush Veldt Carbineers with first class references , and has since joined the district military intelligence at 10s a day and found .
Our Dunedin correspondent telegraphed last week part of his story , and we now append some further extracts from a letter written from Fort Edwards , Spelowen , in October last : --

Baetic Depression
The Baetic Depression , or " Depresión del Guadalquivir " , is an alluvial plain in the lower valley of the Guadalquivir in Andalusia , Spain .
It is a large triangular-shaped area in the Guadalquivir basin oriented roughly northeast to southwest with its vertex in the east-northeast and its outlet in the Gulf of Cádiz .
The Baetic Depression in the Guadalquivir basin is mostly flat land and divides the Sierra Morena to the north from the Baetic System to the south .
It is a typical lateral depression of the type that forms amidst Alpine mountain ranges , similar to the valley of the Ebro or the Po River valley in Italy .

Locking Up My Heart
" Locking Up My Heart " is a 1963 single released by Motown girl group The Marvelettes on the Tamla record label .
The first charting single written and produced by Motown 's main production team Holland – Dozier–Holland , 1 " Locking Up My Heart " was also the first single to feature Wanda Young as lead vocalist on the A-side , albeit in a split lead vocal with main lead vocalist Gladys Horton .
The track was recorded 8 January 1963 in Studio A Hitsville USA and released 15 February 1963 ; the B-side : " Forever " , was a cut from the 1962 " Playboy " album , written and produced by Holland – Dozier–Gorman ( H - D - H 's predecessor ) , and also featured Young as lead vocalist .
On the single 's initial A-Side , Horton , as the main lead and narrator , tells the audience that she 's giving up love , as she 's " tired of being abused " and " mis-used " .
The flip - side , narrated by Young , tells us she 's so devoted to her love that she 'll endure any pain and suffering for it .
The second single of the group where both sides charted , it would be promoted as if it were a " double A-side " by the label .
This is also one of the last Marvelettes ' singles to feature member Juanita Cowart ( in the background ) on either side .
By the time of the single 's release , Cowart , who had already ceased performing on stage , would permanently leave the group and had retired from both performing and recording .
" Locking Up My Heart " broke out in Baltimore and San Francisco to enter the " Billboard " Hot 100 dated 23 March 1963 at #83 ; Motown considered the track to be significant enough to re - press it with adjusted instrumentation that April .
However " Locking Up My Heart " lost its strong initial momentum as disc jockeys in some markets - including Pittsburgh - began to play the intended B-side : " Forever " , and the Hot 100 dated 4 May 1963 showed " Locking Up My Heart " stalled at #44 as " Forever " debuted at #100 ; subsequently " Locking Up My Heart " would abruptly drop from the chart while " Forever " 's popularity would fail to coalesce into major hit impact with the track peaking at #78 .
Both sides of the single ranked in the R&B Top 30 where " Locking Up My Heart " ( #25 ) was succeeded by " Forever " ( # 24 ) .

Juan Rodríguez Botas
Juan Rodríguez Botas ( 1880–1917 ) is considered the first Canarian impressionist .

Kristina Pickering
Kristina Pickering is an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of Nevada .
She became just the fifth woman to serve on the Court when she was sworn in on January 5 , 2009 .
She attended Yale University ( BA ) , Georgetown University , and the University of California , Davis School of Law .

Player ( Player album )
Player is the eponymous debut album from Los Angeles , California-based rock band Player .
Reception .
It was released in 1977 on RSO Records , and featured the hit single , " Baby Come Back " , which was written by guitarist/keyboardist/vocalist J. C. Crowley & guitarist/vocalist Peter Beckett .
" Baby Come Back " peaked at number 1 , interrupting a string of #1 Bee Gees hits also on RSO records , and stayed on the charts for a total of 32 weeks .
It got as high as number 32 in the U.K. ( for 7 weeks ) as well .
The follow-up single , " This Time I 'm In It For Love " did almost as well , reaching number 10 , and staying there for 17 weeks .

Joel Edwards ( rugby league )
Joel Edwards ( born 17 July 1988 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Canberra Raiders of the National Rugby League .
He primarily plays lock , second-row and prop .
Background .
Born in Cessnock , New South Wales , Edwards played his junior football for the Cessnock Goannas in the Newcastle Rugby League , before being signed by the Newcastle Knights .
Playing career .
In 2008 , Edwards played for the Newcastle Knights ' NYC team .
In 2009 , Edwards spent a year back with the Cessnock Goannas before moving on to the Knights ' New South Wales Cup team , Central Coast Centurions in 2010 .
In Round 15 of the 2010 NRL season , Edwards made his NRL debut for the Knights against the Parramatta Eels .
In September 2010 , Edwards was named on the interchange bench in the 2010 New South Wales Cup Team of the Year .
After playing four games in 2010 , Edwards was recalled to the team in Round 4 of the 2011 NRL season and did n't miss a game for the rest of the year .
He won the Once - A - Knight Old Boys Gladiator award at the Knights ' end of season awards night .
On 2 August 2012 , it was confirmed by Knights CEO Matthew Gidley , that Edwards would quit the club at the end of the season after knocking back 3 separate offers .
On 6 August 2012 , Edwards signed a three-year contract with the Canberra Raiders starting in 2013 .
At the end of 2013 , Edwards won the Raiders ' coach 's award along with Brett White at the club 's end of season awards night .

Southside Connector
The Southside Connector was a proposed expressway that would connect the Bourne Bridge to the Mid - Cape Highway near exit 2 on Cape Cod .
Currently , a similar route is served by two two-lane highways , Sandwich Road and a stretch of US 6 , on opposite sides of the Cape Cod Canal .
Originally , the expressway was planned to be routed north of the canal .
Plans were changed when it was discovered that the Sagamore Bridge was overcrowded and the nearby Bourne Bridge was under capacity .
The route was shifted in the 1970s and the current plans of the route would go through the northern half of the Massachusetts Military Reservation .
History .
Beginnings .
The Southside Connector was first proposed in the 1950s as an extension of Massachusetts Route 25 .
It was part of the Cape Cod Expressway , which eventually morphed into the Mid - Cape Highway .
It was originally planned to be a safe alternative to Route 6 which , was on the northern side of the Cape Cod Canal .
As early as 1962 , the Massachusetts Department of Public Works conducted a study once questions on the plans were raised .
One study concluded that the Sagamore Bridge was over capacity while the Bourne Bridge was under capacity .
From these studies , it was determined that the expressway would cross the canal near the Bourne Bridge .
Expressway connections would connect to Route 6 and 28 on the south side of the canal near the Bourne Rotary .
Another crossing that would carry three lanes would be built next to the bridge to facilitate this extra traffic .
Rerouting .
Between 1968 and 1977 , studies concluded that the Southside Connector , as it was then known , would be routed along the south side of the canal .
The route would begin at the Route 6 and 25 interchange at the canal , cross over the canal , turn east at the Bourne Rotary , which would be turned into an interchange , and go east until it reached the Mid - Cape Highway near exit 2 .
The total cost would be 35 million dollars .
Cancellation .
The project was put on hold the next decade , but never cancelled outright when concerns arose about the status of the groundwater aquifers which sat under the reservation .
Those aquifers were already polluted from years of military training , but the pollution was not discovered until about ten years later .
Possible revival .
In recent years , the project has had renewed interest due to gridlock on both of the canal 's sides .
Although the project was projected to have cost thirty five million dollars in the 1970s , current estimates range from anywhere between 100 and 200 million dollars for construction .
Local leaders have expressed support for the project as long as it includes a third crossing of the canal , as the current two bridges are chronically over capacity .
In 2009 , when the deck of the Sagamore Bridge was reconstructed , there were increased calls to route traffic through the reservation as there was gridlock on both sides of the bridge and on the Scenic Highway .
For a while , the only hitch to the construction of the expressway in recent years , was a planned development called Canalside Commons which would have sat right to the east of the Bourne Rotary .
Although the development was planned for well over 15 years , the recent economic downturn caused the project to be cancelled .
Criticism .
Environmentalists and anti-sprawl advocates have been against renewed efforts to construct the expressway as it would likely bring more tourists and residents to the Cape , given that the current gridlock is likely deterring some visitors .
They also fear that another bridge would further add to the congestion that the local highways face .

Advances in Adaptive Data Analysis
Advances in Adaptive Data Analysis ( AADA ) is an interdisciplinary scientific journal published by World Scientific .
It reports developments in data analysis methodology and their practical applications , with special emphasis on adaptive approaches .
The journal seeks to transform data analysis into a competent tool for scientific research and engineering applications , and to distinguish it from mere data processing .
Unlike data processing , which relies on established procedures and parameters , data analysis encompasses in-depth study in order to extract physical understanding .
A further distinction the journal makes is the need to modify data analysis methodology ( thus , " adaptive " ) to accommodate the complexity of scientific phenomena .
The journal mainly features original research , but occasionally publishes surveys , reviews , and proceedings for special conferences .
It is indexed by Inspec .

Patrick White ( politician )
Patrick White ( 1860–1935 ) was an Irish Nationalist politician .
A member of the Irish Parliamentary Party , he was Member of Parliament ( MP ) for North Meath from 1900 to 1918 .
He was elected to the United Kingdom House of Commons at the general election in October 1900 , narrowly defeating ( by 2324 votes to 2292 ) the outgoing Anti - Parnellite MP James Gibney , who had stood as a Healyite Nationalist .
White was re-elected unopposed at the next three general elections , but did not stand again in 1918 .

Vatican Christmas Tree
The Vatican Christmas Tree , also called the Saint Peter 's Square Christmas Tree , is the decorated tree that is erected annually in the Saint Peter 's Square directly in front of St. Peter 's Basilica in the Vatican City to celebrate the Christmas holiday season .
The tradition of placing a Christmas Tree as well as the life-size Nativity Scene in Saint Peter 's Square started in 1982 during the pontificate of Pope John Paul II , when the Polish-born Pope introduced the northern European symbol of Christmas spirit .
The tradition of erecting a Christmas Tree was celebrated in northern Europe and in Poland , Pope John Paul II 's country of origin , but not in the Vatican at the time .
The first tree came from Italy .
Since then , the offering of the Christmas Tree to the Pope has become an honour , and each year the Vatican accepts a tree donated by a different European country or region .
The Christmas tree is installed in the centre of Saint Peter 's Square , together with a life-size nativity scene that is unveiled on Christmas Eve .
The nativity scene has seventeen life-size statues .
Of these , nine are the original figures donated in 1842 by Saint Vincent Pallotti for the nativity scene in the Roman church of Sant ' Andrea della Valle , and the other eight figures were added over the course of the years .
In 2006 the Italian province of Trentino , and the local council of a village of Tesero have provided a further thirteen sculpted wooden figures and animals , as well as household utensils for the depiction of daily life .

Bombardment of Punta Sombrero
The Bombardment of Punta Sombrero was an American naval bombardment in response to a Mexican attack on a United States Navy warship during the Mexican-American War , on October 31 , 1847 .
Background .
Following the Battle of Mulege and the christening of the chartered schooner " Libertad " , Lieutenant Tunis Craven took command and set sail north , up the Gulf of California .
" Libertad " was most likely armed with three or four cannons taken from Loreto days earlier by the crew of USS " Dale " .
Her mission was to disrupt enemy communications from Mulegé 's garrison to other communities and fortifications .
According to reports , the Mexican population of coastal towns grew terrified of the repeated appearances of " Libertad " in the waters off their settlements .
No engagements occurred until October 31 , when Tunis Craven spotted a Mexican merchant schooner , in the anchorage of Mulege at 10:00 pm .
Unknown to Craven at the time , the Mexican schooner was protected by an artillery battery of considerable strength at the mouth of the anchorage on Punta Sombrero , with several riflemen to guard the battery .
Bombardment .
The American Lieutenant advanced his ship , but the Mexican batteries witnessed the attack and opened fire .
Craven later reported the initiation of the action : " " I heard no sound ashore , but the passing of the sentry 's call , till about half-past ten o'clock , when bang !
bang !
bang !
they commenced from every direction .
I jumped out of my bed , seized my gun and fired at the group nearest me , which I could only discern by the flashes of their guns " .
The " Libertad " , well armed and prepared for action , immediately abandoned the attempt to capture a prize ship .
Instead she opened fire on the Mexican batteries with her guns , one of which was a pivot gun which was set up in haste just after hostilities commenced .
The Mexicans found themselves in a good defensive position that night .
The moon was rising behind the American vessel leaving her silhouetted against the horizon .
This made the United States ship easier to see despite having to engage in an artillery duel at night .
Craven ordered his men to fire on what appeared to be the largest concentrations of Mexican forces .
Craven reported that the Mexicans kept up a steady stream of cannonballs on their target , most of them however flew over the ship or passed just across " Libertads " bow .
The fighting lasted about two hours , slowly the batteries reduced their rate of fire before being mostly silenced at about 11:00 pm and by 12:00 midnight , all was quiet again .
Aftermath .
No Americans were wounded that night .
" Libertad " received slight damage to her sails and rigging but was otherwise unharmed .
Mexican casualties are unknown as it was too dark to ascertain casualties from the American perspective .
Lieutenant Craven decided not to send a land party ashore that night , so instead he proceeded to meet USS " Dale " off Guaymas but was too late to participate in the Bombardment of Guaymas .

Harold Lundrigan
Harold Wilson Lundrigan , CM ( 29 February 1928 – 18 December 2009 ) was a Canadian construction businessman based in Newfoundland and Labrador .
His construction projects included oversight of the initial paving of the Trans-Canada Highway in his province .
He earned a Diploma of Engineering degree from Memorial University of Newfoundland then three years later an engineering degree from Nova Scotia Technical College .
Lundrigan served as the first Chairman of the Economic Council of Newfoundland and Labrador , Chairman of the Royal Commission on Employment and Unemployment and served as a member of the Atlantic Provinces Economic Council .
He was appointed a member of the Order of Canada in April 1991 .
He and his brother Arthur were inducted into the Junior Achievement Newfoundland and Labrador Business Hall of Fame in 2000 .
Lundrigan died at Corner Brook , Newfoundland and Labrador on 18 December 2009 aged 81 .

George T. Fulgham
George T. Fulgham , Sheriff of San Bernardino County , California from October 1865 - October 1869 .

Michael Lambert
Michael Lambert may refer to :

Naples Grape Festival
Naples Grape Festival is an annual festival in Naples , New York , United States , dedicated to grapes .
The town of Naples is in the center of Finger Lakes American Viticultural Area ( AVA ) , a region known for grape-growing and wine making in the Finger Lakes area of Upstate New York .
The festival , which has been held since 1961 , includes arts and crafts vendors , a wine-tasting tent , food , live music , and a grape pie contest .
Other grape festivals .
Grape festivals elsewhere include the Turpan Silk Road Grape Festival in Turpan , Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region , China and the Lodi Grape Festival and Harvest Fair in Lodi , California .

Carlos Montez Melancia
Carlos Montez Melancia was the Governor of Macau from 9 July 1987 to 22 April 1991 .
He was born in Santarém District , Portugal in 1927 .
In 1991 , his corruption affairs were revealed by the media .
It was in this period that the Supreme Procuratorate of Portugal decided to indict him for suspected bribe taking , and thus caused him to resign from the post in that year .

Macquarie University Village
Macquarie University Village was originally developed by Macquarie University in 2001 for the purpose of housing students adjacent to the University campus and also housed Olympians for the Sydney 2000 Olympics .
As of 2006 , the village is now operated by Campus Living Villages , a company operating University Villages across Australia .
The University Village contains 890 rooms and is located on land directly next to the campus proper .
So far , the first two stages have been completed and is expected that the University will be delivering Stage 3 on campus for occupancy in the first semester of 2013 .
The project will consist of approximately 1,000 beds and have a mixed configuration of room numbers with associated common rooms .
The buildings will be located north of the Aquatic Centre and enjoy views over the University grounds and beyond to Sydney ’s CBD .
The project is expected to target best practice in sustainable design and operation .
Stage 3 will be followed by subsequent stages in what will ultimately be an aggregate of 5,000 student beds on campus .

Gary D. Solis
Gary D. Solis ( born 1941 ) is a veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps and an Adjunct Professor of Law who teaches the laws of war at the Georgetown University Law Center and the George Washington University Law School .
He is an expert on the laws of war .
He attended San Diego State University ( B. A ) , the University of California , Davis School of Law ( J. D. ) , George Washington University Law School ( LL.M. ) , and the London School of Economics and Political Science ( Ph.D. ) .
Before his academic career , Solis served two tours of duty during the Vietnam War in the United States Marine Corps .
He is a former military judge advocate and Marine prosecutor , who retired as a lieutenant colonel ( O-5 ) .
He previously taught on the LSE 's law faculty for three years , and served on the faculty of the Department of Law at the United States Military Academy ( West Point ) .
For six years he headed West Point 's law of war program , in 2007 he was a Library of Congress scholar in residence , and he is on the teaching faculty of the International Institute of Humanitarian Law , in San Remo , Italy .
Solis authored " Marines and Military Law in Vietnam " , as well as " Son Thang : An American War Crime " and " " ( Cambridge University Press 2010 ) .

Stag ( magazine )
Stag was the name of various American men 's magazines published from the 1930s through at least the 1990s .
Publication history .
First publication .
The first " Stag " , published by Leeds Publishing Corp. , beginning with vol. 1 , #1 ( June 1937 ) , was a 25-cent , 96-page , digest subtitled " A Magazine for Men " and which included articles and stories by such writers as Carleton Beals , Elsa Maxwell , Bernard Sobel , and Hendrik Willem van Loon .
It covered a range of topics , including literature , music , sports , and theater , along with stories on male-female relationships , sexual issues , and such topics as striptease .
Second publication .
A second " Stag " , published by Official Com .
Inc. and edited by Noah Sarlat , appeared circa 1951 as a 25-cent , 82-page , standard-sized men 's adventure magazine .
This version , containing ostensibly " true-life " fiction of men in wartime or in rugged adventure mode , continued through at least volume 22 in 1971 .
In 1958 , Martin Goodman took over the magazine , using first his Atlas Magazines imprint , and then switching to his Magazine Management imprint circa 1970 with the cover price rising to 50 cents .
In 1953 , the publisher at the time threatened fledgling magazine founder Hugh Hefner with a trademark infringement lawsuit unless he changed the name of his planned men 's magazine , " Stag Party " ; Hefner redubbed the magazine " Playboy " .
Goodman also published the annual publication " Stag Annual " , starting in 1964 .
Writer Dorothy Gallagher reminisced in 1998 that by the early 1960s , when Magazine Management occupied the second floor at 60th Street and Madison Avenue , Cover illustrators included Frank Soltesz .
Bruce Minney , and Mort Kunstler .
Transition to pornography .
" Stag " transitioned to become a men 's pornographic magazine , published by Goodman 's son Charles " Chip " Goodman at Magazine Management 's successor company , Swank Publications .
The Magna Publishing Group bought " Stag " and its sister publication " Swank " from that company in 1993 .

Paolo Antonio Soderini
Paolo Antonio Soderini ( 1448 — after 1500 ) was a noble Florentine jurist active in the anti - Medicean Florentine republic , who spent some years resident at Rome .
He was the older brother of the statesmen Piero Soderini , who was exiled at the return of the Medici in 1512 ; a third brother was Cardinal Francesco Soderini , bishop of Volterra .
Like Piero he had been a pupil of Marsilio Ficino at his informal " academy " , patronized by the Medici , but when Piero di Lorenzo de' Medici fled from Florence in 1494 , he declared at once in favour of the revived Florentine republic and served as Florentine Ambassador to Venice .
Philippe de Commines , unsympathetic to his policy , declared him , nevertheless , " one of the wisest statesmen in all Italy " .
On his return he was elected gonfaloniere of justice in 1497 .
The institution of a Grand Council in republican Florence , on the Venetian model , was largely on his initiative .
As republican supporters of Savonarola and the populist party , he shared his brother 's exile when the radical friar was arrested .
In Rome he established himself in a house and garden close to Castel Sant ' Angelo , where he undertook some informal excavations and assembled a notable collection of antiquities , including Roman sculpture ( including the " Menelaus supporting the body of Patroclus " that passed from his heir to the Medici and can be seen today in Loggia dei Lanzi , Florence ) and inscriptions .

Joaquim Pinto Correia
Joaquim Germano Pinto Machado Correia da Silva ( Porto , 15 June 193014 March 2011 ) was the 124th Governor of Macau from 5 May 1985 to 8 July 1987 .
As a physician , he was the first Governor of Macau who was not a military general .
He advocated humanism and social welfare during his term of office , and visited Guangzhou on 22–24 February 1987 .
He resigned from office in May 1987 , giving rise to the rumour that his resignation was related to corruption .

DAG Ventures
DAG Ventures is an American venture capital firm based in Palo Alto , California .
It is known as a " coattail " fund for co - investing in later-stage private financing rounds alongside more prominent top-tier venture funds such as Kleiner Perkins , Sequoia Capital , Benchmark Capital , and Accel Partners .
Background .
Founded in 2001 as an offshoot of San - Francisco based Duff Ackerman & Goodrich , DAG invests primarily in the fields of energy , information technology , and life sciences .
Investments .
Funds .
Like many venture firms , DAG has raised a series of different closed-end funds , each with different money sources and investments .
Its third fund of approximately $ 477 million closed in 2005 .
Portfolio .
A partial list of investments includes :

Mara Zampieri
Mara Zampieri ( b .
January 30th 1951 , Padua ) is an operatic soprano .
She trained at Padua Conservatory .
She has performed in the opera houses of Europe , including Milan , London , Berlin , Munich , Paris , Zurich , Madrid , Barcelona and Vienna ; also in San Francisco , New York , Buenos Aires , and Tokyo .
She has performed in more than fifty operatic roles , including twenty-one in operas by Verdi .
She favors Italian but she also famously performed in the title role of Richard Strauss 's " Salome " .
She can be seen on video as Lady Macbeth opposite Renato Bruson , and as Minnie in " The Girl of the Golden West " .

In the Blink of an Eye ( film )
In the Blink of an Eye is a 2009 American film about the Rapture directed by Michael Sinclair .
It stars David A. R. White , Eric Roberts and Andrea Logan White , and was released to DVD on November 17 , 2009 .
Plot .
The film starts with the two detectives , Larry and David , in search of a missing singer in an abandoned trailer park .
After getting shot at twice , David is saved by his cell phone , which took the bullet that was aimed for his heart .
David kills the kidnapper .
Then a man , Kevin , comes for the singer , tells the detective that he is going to take her on a yacht for a few days .
The duo cops finagle an invitation on the yacht , as the man is a suspect of other crimes , but their boss has nothing on him .
The detectives take their wives with them on the yacht , and say that it is a vacation .
While on the yacht , David gets a call from his boss saying that the kidnapper had a picture of him sitting beside their Kevin .
His wife , Lori , comes out and has an argument with David because he really is not paying attention to her .
He asked Kevin about the photo , but he just blew him off as the guy was just someone trying to get close to the glitz and glamor .
In Lori 's room , she is there with the wife of the other cop , Sue , and they talk about Jesus and how he can give peace , and Lori states that she wants that .
She then asks God into her life and becomes saved .
The next day , she is upbeat and when their friends go to visit an island , they stay behind because Lori has other plans , which include them going on a secluded island where she tells him she loves him .
He asks what has gotten into her and she says " that is for her to know and him to find out .
" He says that he wants to rest after their picnic , so she says she wants to go get some seashells .
He closes his eyes and when he wakes up she and Larry and Sue have disappeared ... Release .
" In the Blink of an Eye " was released to DVD on November 17 , 2009 .
A week before the release , Pastor John Hagee ( who is mentioned in the film ) aired a special broadcast of his daily television program to discuss the importance of the film 's message .
The DVD includes several special features , including a commentary , making-of special and film trailers .
Reception .
Angela Walker of ChristianCinema.com gave the film 3 ½ out of 5 stars , saying , " The camera action is very good ... except for a few shots where the angles and distances do n't seem quite right , it 's a nice piece of cinematography .
" Russ Jones of the " Christian Press " said , " While the production values are n’t at the level of a major Hollywood film , this is a movie you can watch with your family and actually have significant issues to discuss . "

Dalian People 's Culture Club
Dalian People 's Culture Club ( ) is a concert hall located on Zhongshan Square in Dalian , Liaoning Province , China .
Built in the European style in 1951 while the Russian troops were still stationed in Lushun and Dalian , it is one of the premium concert halls in Dalian .
History .
Dalian People 's Culture Club has the following history : Features of the Hall .
There are 600 seats on the first floor and 400 seats on the second floor , a total of 1,000 seats .
The building is located at : 8 Zhongshan Square , Zhongshan District , Dalian , China Concert halls in Dalian .
There are the following concert halls in Dalian :

Piperic acid
Piperic acid is a chemical often obtained by the base - hydrolysis of the alkaloid piperine from black pepper , followed by acidification of the corresponding salt .
Piperic acid is an intermediate in the synthesis of other compounds such as piperonal , and as - such may be used to produce fragrances , perfumes flavorants and drugs as well as other useful compounds .
Preparation .
Piperic acid can be prepared from the commercially - available alkaloid piperine , a cyclic amide containing a piperidine group , by reacting it with a hydroxide such as potassium hydroxide , then acidifying the formed piperate salt with hydrochloric acid or another acid .
The toxic compound piperidine is given off during the base - hydrolysis of piperine and as - such , safety precautions should be taken .
Reactions .
Reaction of piperic acid with strong oxidizers such as potassium permanganate or ozone , or a halogen such as bromine followed by sodium hydroxide causes oxidative cleavage of the double - bonds , yielding piperonal and piperonylic acid .
Piperonal has many uses in industry and is itself a precursor to a good subsection of other chemicals .
On reduction with sodium amalgam piperic acid forms α - and β - dihydropiperic acid , C12H12O4 , and the latter can take up two further atoms of hydrogen to produce tetrahydropiperic acid .

The Lakes South Morang P-9 School
The Lakes South Morang P–9 School ( aka The Lakes ) is situated in the Northern Suburbs of Melbourne , Australia and is part of a rapidly growing corridor in the City of Whittlesea .
The school is a diverse community with a representative mix of many cultures , however there is no one dominant culture within the school .
The School SFO index is .541 with approximately 25 % of parents receiving EMA .
Campuses .
Middle Years Campus .
This site includes an administration area with a professional development resource centre , 20 general purpose classroom spaces opening onto flexible , common learning areas , an arts precinct , a gymnasium , performing arts spaces , food technology and a canteen .
The research and development precinct houses purpose-built science labs , a design studio and state-of-the-art technology facilities .
Students participate in numerous events including an Egyptian Bazaar Night , Medieval Night , School Production , Billy Cart derby , and Enterprise day .
Early Years Campus .
This site has an administration area , general purpose classrooms that open onto flexible learning spaces , an art room , and a library .
Merriang SDS -The Lakes campus will also be co-located on this site , sharing a recreation centre which includes a canteen , performing arts space , and multi-purpose area .
The school was designed to make much use of flexible learning spaces , outdoor s well as indoor learning spaces , and ICT capability throughout the buildings .
The prep to 9 concept provides for seamless transition between the Early Years and Middle Years models .
Students in senior primary will also move into the junior secondary years without having to adjust to a completely new environment .
Values .
The stated values of the Lakes P-9 School are respect , honesty , belonging , and personal best Staffing .
A total of 60 teachers , 19 support staff and 3 district staff are educating and caring for 700 students .
There is a ratio of 1 full-time teacher to every 14.2 students .
Support staff include office personnel , disability aides , library technicians , first aid , literacy aides , canteen manager , uniform shop manager , facilities maintenance , computer technicians , and language support personnel .
District staff include a psychologist , speech pathologist , school nurse , and visiting teacher service for the physically impaired .
1: 1 Laptop Program .
In 2008 , then Prime Minister of Australia Kevin Rudd promised 1 laptop for each secondary school student in each state .
In mid - 2010 each student in Year 9 at The Lakes , received a laptop each .
The laptops are used for school & home work .
Windows 7 , Microsoft Office and other basic programs are installed .
An eduSTAR Taskbar is placed at the top of the desktop where all of the programs are stored .
' The Lake ' .
The Lake : a feathered tale of deception and dance is The Lakes ' second major stage production .
It is based on the story of ' Swan Lake ' .
Unlike the original , the music & dances performed in ' The Lake ' are modern and appealed to younger audiences .
The production ran on Thursday 2nd & Friday 3 September 2010 .
All 5 out of 7 songs are original compositions which were played by a live band on the nights .
The songs were written by one of the music staff .
The other two songs were ' Bleeding Love ' by Leona Lewis and ' Tainted Love ' by The Pussycat Dolls .
The production was held at Parade College in Bundoora , Victoria , Australia .
Unskooled .
Unskooled is a band of middle - years students who attend The Lakes P-9 School .
The band started in 2008 and has released 2 EPs .
It has performed at many events , including the NMR School Of Rock in 2008 and 2009 , Doreen Primary School 's Day On The Dirt , and Big Day Out Concerts and The City of Whittlesea Community Festival in 2008 .
Discography .
The band was suspended in March 2010 and permanently separated soon after .

Selma High School ( Selma , California )
Selma High School ( SHS ) is a public high school located in the town of Selma , California .
It is part of the Selma Unified School District .
Football .
As of the 2009 Season Mike Crews is the Current Head Coach .
Crews is a well-respected coach in the Central Valley .
Athletics .
Selma High School competes in the Central Section of the California Interscholastic Federation as a member of the Central Sequoia League ( CSL ) .
Fall Winter Spring

Antonio Domínguez Ortiz
Antonio Domínguez Ortiz ( October 18 , 1909 – January 21 , 2003 ) was a Spanish historian , one of the leading specialists in the history of the Spanish Antiguo Régimen of the 16th through 18th centuries , in particular in social history .
He was also expert historian of Andalusia , with a particular emphasis on the history of the " Moriscos " .
Life .
Born in Seville in 1909 , Domínguez Ortiz received his doctorate in history from the Complutense University of Madrid , and taught at the University of Granada .
He was the winner of the 1982 Prince of Asturias Award in the Social Sciences , Hijo Predilecto de Andalucía ( 1985 ) and was granted the honorary Doctor Honoris Causa by the University of Cádiz ( 1985 ) .
Besides his academic work , he wrote frequently for popular audiences , and was a regular contributor to " El País " .
He died in Granada in 2003 at the age of 93 .
Memorial .
The public secondary school Professor Domínguez Ortiz in Azuqueca de Henares ( in the province of Guadalajara ) is named after him .
External links .

RTB1
RTB1 is the oldest free-to-air terrestrial television channel in Brunei .
The channel officially began broadcasting on 1 March 1975 .
RTB1 broadcasts for 18 - hours from 06:00 until 00:00 BST with simulcast of RTB4 International filling the rest of the time .
During non-operating hours RTB1 simulcasts with RTB4 International from 00:00 until 06:00 BST .
RTB1 mainly shows documentaries , educational programs and news to programs from RTB4 International are usually relayed for other times .
History .
Radio .
Radio Brunei was launched on 2 May 1957 , and officially opened on 28 May .
At the time , Radio Brunei broadcast for 45 minutes each evening , from 20:00 until 20:45 BST .
The range of the single 1.2Kw transmitter was only five miles , which covered the capital and some surrounding areas .
As of 1974 , RTB had increased its staff to 171 employees , and had a total of three transmitting sites .
This gave near total coverage of the country and beyond .
Television .
Televisyen Brunei was officially launched on 1 February 1975 as " Channel 5 " .
On 1 March 1976 , two high-power medium-wave stations in the Brunei - Muara District began transmission , expanding the coverage of radio and television services to almost 100 % of the country .

California Club ( casino )
The California Club operated from 1958 to 1973 .
Phil Long took over operation of the casino located at the corner of First and Fremont Street in Downtown Las Vegas , Nevada , 1958 .
The locals casino catered to local gamblers .
It was owned and operated by Phil Long and partner George Milford and was a casino only without any hotel rooms .
The California Club was sold to Steve Wynn in 1973 .
The California Club was combined into the Golden Nugget shortly after the purchase by Wynn .
Other California Clubs .
There were two approved casinos in Reno that were also called California Club .

Soraya Montenegro
Soraya Montenegro is a fictional character in the Mexican telenovela " María la del Barrio " .
Soraya serves as a prominent antagonist and is characterized by violence and jealousy .
She was portrayed by Itati Cantoral in the original Mexican series and by Paw Diaz in the Philippine remake .
Character biography .
Original series .
Soraya Montenegro - The wealthy , evil niece of Victoria Montenegro de la Vega .
Soraya likes Luis Fernando and wants to live with his family 's fortune .
Her plans are helped by Calixta Popoca her nanny with magic .
She makes love with Luis Fernando .
When young Maria arrives at the De La Vega mansion her plans are almost ruined when Luis Fernando falls in love with Maria .
Soraya instantly hates Maria and wants to destroy her life .
She lies and tells Luis that she is pregnant and forces him to marry her .
They marry but Luis divorces her when he discovers Soraya is not really pregnant .
She arrives at the De La Vega mansion and clutches Calixta her nanny and leaves the De La Vega mansion forever .
Soraya falls through a glass window and everyone believe she has died .
She travels to the United States to get reincarnated and after 14 years of therapy she is ready to take vengeance to Maria .
She then marries the billionaire Oscar Montalban .
She quickly kills him in a traffic accident with the goal to inherit his billions .
She humiliates and attacks Alicia her stepdaughter .
She becomes the girlfriend of Nando Maria and Luis Fernando 's son .
He falls in love with Alicia and Soraya attacks Esperanza ( Alicia 's nanny ) , Nando and Alicia .
Soraya then plans to kill Dr. Mejía because he knew she murdered her husband Oscar .
She claims not guilty in court and is eventually set free .
Soraya returns to the Mantaelban mansion and tortures Alicia and puts tarantulas in her bedroom .
Esperanza returns and protects Alicia from Soraya 's brutality .
Soraya finds Calixta , her former nanny and biological mother , who is now a woman of poverty , and kills her .
She blames Nando for the crime but Maria takes his place .
Maria is imprisoned .
A fire in the jail makes everyone believe Maria is dead .
Soraya , happy for Maria 's death , laughs .
Quickly the police discover her crimes and Soraya leaves her mansion and finds Maria alive and working as a nanny but with total amnesia .
Soraya dresses up as a nurse and kidnaps Maria .
She takes her to a cabin owned by her family .
She hits Maria who then regains her memory .
Soraya tells Maria how much she hates her and her all of the crimes she committed .
She then covers the cabin and herself with gas , hoping to burn it to the ground .
The police quickly arrive and Luis Fernando runs into the cabin to save Maria .
Soraya sets the cabin on fire but her dress accidentally catches on fire .
Luis Fernando and Maria escape safely but Soraya burns to death in the flames .
Two months later , she is forgotten and the de La Vega family is at least happy and safe from Soraya 's hatred .
But Maria still remembers her and mourns for her , even after all she did to her , and wishes for Soraya to be forgiven by God .
Philippine remake .
Soraya Montenegro - The rich niece of Victoria .
Soraya is deeply infatuated with Luis and is jealous of Maria .
Soraya attempts to ruin Maria 's life and claim Luis as her own , but fails .
Soraya goes insane after her nanny Calixta , who is later revealed to be her mother , died .
Soraya visits the Del La Vegas and attempts to attack them with a knife and Maria attempts to stop her but Soraya pushes Maria away , hitting the wall and knocking her unconscious .
Soraya is dragged away by Fernando and is arrested and the Del La Vegas threatens to place a restraining order on Soraya if she returns .
Later , Soraya gives up her wicked ways and works at a hospital and encounters Maria .
Soraya takes Maria 's baby and gives it to Victoria .
Soraya later dies from cancer .

John M. Schealer
John Milton Schealer ( July 5 , 1920 – February 11 , 2008 ) was an American author of an elementary school astronomy textbook as well as numerous science fiction books for children .
Born in Boyertown , Pennsylvania , Schealer earned a B. A. from the University of Pennsylvania in 1943 .
He published his first children 's book " Zip - Zip and His Flying Saucer " in 1956 , the first of three science fiction books to feature spaceboy Zip - Zip .
In 1957 , Schealer wrote " This Way to the Stars " , an astronomy textbook aimed at ten - to fourteen - year - old readers which discussed the history of astronomy .
Schealer also wrote the script for a sound and light festival for the Castillo de San Marcos National Monument in St. Augustine , Florida , and was also the founder and past executive vice-president of the Sound and Light Corporation of America .
Works .
Fiction : Non - fiction :

W. Max Bossert
W. Max Bossert ( July 9 , 1906 – May 15 , 1990 ) was an American football coach and Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
He served as the head football coach at the State Teacher 's College in Lock Haven — now Lock Haven University of Pennsylvania — from 1940 to 1942 and again in 1945 , compiling a record of 14–12–3 .
Bossert was also the school 's head wrestling and boxing coach during that time .
He died on May 15 , 1990 at the age of 83 .

Russell Letterman
Russell P. Letterman ( March 8 , 1933 – February 8 , 1990 ) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Eugene Fulmer
Eugene M. Fulmer ( November 17 , 1917 – July 1977 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Galen Dreibelbis
Galen E. Dreibelbis ( born January 3 , 1935 ) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Helen Wise
Helen Dickerson Wise ( born September 11 , 1928 ) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Gregg Cunningham
Gregg L. Cunningham is a Republican former member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
He is now Executive Director of the Center for Bio - Ethical Reform , a pro-life advocacy group .

Percy Foor
Percy G. Foor ( April 12 , 1913 – September 13 , 1990 ) was a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
He was born in Bedford County in 1913 .
He died in a palliative care hospital in 1990 .

Mather House ( Convent , Louisiana )
The Mather House in Convent , Louisiana , also known as Breaux - Mather House , was built in 1811 .
It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2001 .

Clarence Dietz
Clarence E. Dietz ( 1919–1993 ) was a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
He was born in 1919 to Clarence and Mary Elizabeth Dietz .
He died in 1993 at his Bedford County home after a short illness .

Denny Bixler
Denny J. Bixler ( November 1 , 1940 – June 1981 ) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

John Milliron
John Patrick Milliron ( born September 2 , 1947 ) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

W. William Wilt
W. William Wilt ( April 15 , 1918 – September 28 , 2004 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Michael E. Cassidy
Michael Edward Cassidy ( born September 15 , 1955 ) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
He was the youngest representative in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in history .
Cassidy won his first primary for the 80th district in Blair County , aged 20 .
When he was sworn in , he had celebrated his 21st birthday two months earlier , making him eligible to serve in the House according to the Pennsylvania Constitution .
Currently , Cassidy is the executive director to the Democratic Human Services Committee under Representative Mark B. Cohen and the managing editor for " Commonwealth : A Journal of Political Science " .
He is also an adjunct professor through Temple University - Harrisburg .

Edwin G. Johnson
Edwin G. Johnson was a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
He died in Las Vegas in 1999 .

Orville Snare
Orville E. Snare ( July 3 , 1918 – July 13 , 2006 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Samuel E. Hayes , Jr.
Samuel E. Hayes , Jr. ( born September 3 , 1940 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
Sam Hayes is now a part-time professor at Juniata College in Huntingdon , Pennsylvania , where he teaches classes on State and Local Government and the Legislative process .

W. Brady Hetrick
W. Brady Hetrick ( February 3 , 1907 – August 5 , 1999 ) was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Mather House Museum
The Mather House Museum in Port Jefferson , New York is local history museum complex that includes : The house is the headquarters location for The Historical Society of Greater Port Jefferson .
The house is located at 115 Prospect Street in Port Jefferson .

Walter DeVerter
Walter F. DeVerter ( born August 25 , 1935 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Robert C. Wise
Robert Campbell Wise ( born May 21 , 1925 ) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Anthony Cimini
Anthony J. Cimini ( February 12 , 1922 – August 25 , 1987 ) was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

John Klepper
John W. Klepper ( October 23 , 1906 – November 13 , 1997 ) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Alvin C. Bush
Alvin C. Bush ( born January 22 , 1924 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Joseph V. Grieco
Joseph V. Grieco ( March 17 , 1915 – January 2 , 2006 ) was a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Reno Thomas
Reno H. Thomas ( July 11 , 1922 – August 17 , 2009 ) was an American politician who was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

John Showers
John R. Showers ( born April 15 , 1952 ) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Allan Holman
Allan W. Holman , Jr. ( July 28 , 1929 – September 6 , 2010 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
He was born in Hazleton , Pennsylvania , in 1929 .
He married Joan Robinson and raised a family of three children , Andrew , Robin , and Anne .
He later had eight grandchildren , Jenn , Sarah , Rachael , Robbie , Sam , Andy , Elliott , and Julian .
After serving as a state Representative , he continued his career as a lawyer , and began the Law Offices of Holman and Holman with daughter Robin .
He also created plans for Little Buffalo State Park ; thus the park lake was named " Holman Lake " in his honor .
Though referred to as " Holman 's Mudhole " in the beginning , the park became a beautiful spot for hikers , swimmers , boaters , and fishing enthusiasts .
Throughout his life , Holman also donated money to various charities .
He volunteered with the Boy Scouts , and served as a member of many organizations throughout Perry County .
He also spent a lot of time watching sports , Penn State being his favorite team .

Fred C. Noye
Fred Charles Noye ( born May 13 , 1946 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Guy Kistler
Guy A. Kistler ( November 15 , 1910 – February 16 , 1988 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Lourene George
Lourene Walker Barto ( née Lourene Walker George ; July 1 , 1913 – July 23 , 2004 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

John Scheaffer
John E. Scheaffer ( August 28 , 1916 – March 29 , 1990 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

John Kennedy ( Pennsylvania politician )
John Kennedy ( born March 22 , 1938 ) is an American political figure who served as a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1981 to 1988 .
Candidacy for Lieutenant Governor .
Kennedy is a candidate for Lieutenant Governor .

R. Harry Bittle
R. Harry Bittle ( born March 27 , 1938 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

William Shuman
William O .
Shuman ( July 23 , 1921 – August 30 , 1978 ) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
He graduated from Greencastle-Antrim High School .

The Shooting Party ( novel )
The Shooting Party is a novel by Isabel Colegate that won the 1981 WH Smith Literary Award .
It was adapted into a 1985 film " The Shooting Party " .
It is published as part of the Penguin Books Modern Classic series .
Characters .
The book features a large cast of characters including :

F. Cuz
F. Cuz ( , " Focus " ) , is a South Korean boy band managed by Tunes - Will Entertainment ( before 2014 by CAN Entertainment ) .
The group made their debut on January 8 , 2010 with their first single , " Jiggy " on Music Bank .
F. Cuz originally debuted as a four-member group ( Jinon , LeeU , Kan , and Yejun ) , but LeeU made his departure on August 23 , 2011 to pursue a solo career .
F. Cuz promoted shortly as three-member group in Japan , but were joined by new members Daegun and Raehyun in 2012 .
The official fanclub for F. Cuz is ' For U ' and their color is Twinkle Light Silver .
History .
Pre-debut .
Jinon , Raehyun , Kan , and Yejun all attended the Anyang High School of Arts in Anyang ; Jinon was their senior while Raehyun , Kan , and Yejun were in the same graduating class .
While in Anyang , Jinon , Kan , and Yejun all participated in a dance team that had included famous K-Pop star Rain .
Out of all the F. Cuz members who attended school in Anyang , Jinon had one of the busier pre - debut careers .
In 2005 , Jinon joined a project group named GM6 , now known as Supernova , and began trainee activities .
However , Jinon withdrew before their debut and suffered major health issues as a result ; he battled depression and several eating disorders .
Jinon also pursued acting and achieved some notoriety due to his similarities to Kwon Sang Woo .
In 2009 , he appeared in " Cinderella Man " as a younger version of Kwon Sang Woo 's character .
Jinon also had a role in SG Wannabe 's " Gashiri " music video alongside T-ara 's Eunjung .
Like Jinon , Raehyun and Kan also pursued acting .
Raehyun 's pre - debut career includes several dramas ( “ " Gloria , " ” “ " Over the Rainbow , " ” “ " Chosun Police ( Season 3 ) , " ” “ " Beautiful Life , " ” & “ " Rak Rak Rak " ” ) , an appearance in the movie " See You After School " , and a Samyang ramen CF .
Kan appeared in the dramas " Hon " ( ; " Soul " ) and " Assorted Gems " ( ) .
LeeU had always been a witness to the music industry due to his father , the famous trot singer Sul Woon Do .
From an early age , LeeU had wanted to pursue a singing career ; so much so that he lost sixty pounds in one month during his first year of junior high .
Later , LeeU became a successful ulzzang and appeared on many variety programs with his father .
LeeU also had a short solo career under the name " U " ( ) ; he appeared on the SBS Drama " Gourmet " OST with " Listen to You " ( ) and featured on a song with Taru ( ) called " 오 !
다시 ( Oh !
Again ) .
" Daegun began his idol career under Xing Entertainment , a company most known for housing future members of U-Kiss , Beast , and The Boss .
Daegun eventually moved on to Golden Goose Entertainment and debuted as a member of Double B 21 , now known as Apeace .
He participated in their " S. O.S. " promotions , but left the group shortly after .
2010 : " Jiggy " , " No One " , Overseas Activities , and " Gorgeous " .
F. Cuz was officially announced by CAN&J Entertainment on December 6 , 2009 .
Following the announcement , each day one member would introduce themselves to the public through a short video that showcased their talents ; the videos amassed over 30,000 views .
In anticipation of their debut , F. Cuz began filming the music video for " Jiggy , " their debut release , on December 15 , 2009 .
" Jiggy " was digitally released on January 8 , 2010 and they held their debut performance the same day on KBS ' " Music Bank " .
In February , it was announced that F. Cuz had signed with Taiwanese label SEEDMUSIC to pursue activities overseas .
On March 8 , " Jiggy " was digitally released in Taiwan and Hong Kong .
On March 11 , 2010 , F. Cuz made their Korean comeback with their first mini - album and title song " No One .
" F. Cuz has come back with a new album called " Gorgeous " with the title track " Midnight Sun " on November 18 , 2010 .
After eight months of hiatus , many fans were anticipating their comeback .
Their single , " Midnight Sun " has become a huge hit and the group is earning more recognition .
In order to prevent being labeled as a " failure group " , F. Cuz released another single from their album , " 친구졸업 ( Friend 's Graduation ) , renaming it as " Wanna Be Your Love " .
This song has a very cute and bubbly image that completely contradicts to the dark concept of " Midnight Sun " and F. Cuz is steadily gaining more popularity .
Unfortunately , member Kan has recently been involved in a serious car accident after filming for the drama Athena : Goddess of War and going back to Seoul .
He , his manager and four other people in the car received major and minor injuries after the car slipped on ice and crashed , forcing the group to halt activities for their new song .
2011-2013 : LeeU 's withdrawal , " For Century Ultimate Zest , Hello Again " .
On May 21 , 2011 , Can Entertainment announced that Lee - U would be leaving the group in August after releasing their Japanese debut single .
The record company cited musical differences and to focus Lee - U 's career as a solo singer .
Can Entertainment and Lee - U 's agency , Castle J Enterprise , came to an agreement to withdraw him from the group .
The group will be adding 2 new members to replace Lee - U .
On April 27 , 2012 , F. Cuz released their new mini album " For Century Ultimate Zest .
" They made their comeback with promotions for the title track " NO .
1 .
" In August , they released " 꿈꾸는" ( Dreaming I ) , a single .
In April , F. Cuz returned to Japan with the single " Hello Again " along with an MV .
On October 31 , 2013 , they released their 5th Japanese single , titled " Change " .
F. Cuz spent the rest of 2013 promoting in Japan .
2014-present : " One Love " , " Bargaining for Love " , and " Two of Us " .
F. Cuz released a Korean single titled " One Love " on March , 27 , 2014 .
This marked their Korean comeback after almost 2 years since they spent most of 2013 promoting in Japan .
The group left to Japan in July to promote the Japanese version of " One Love " , " Feeling My Soul " .
F. Cuz then released their 4th mini album titled " Bargaining for Love " with the title track " Cha - Ga - Wa " .
The title is a dance track and the guys have returned with a splash , debuting their album at #18 on the Gaon charts .
On December 2014 , F. Cuz released their 7th Japanese single " もう一度だけ" ( Remind ) .
On July 21 , 2015 , F. Cuz released their 8th Japanese single " Two of Us .
" It reached a peak of #3 on the Oricon chart on July 25 .

Francis Worley
Francis Worley ( December 23 , 1913 – May 8 , 2003 ) was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Fred Klunk
Fred G. Klunk is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Clark S. Smith
Clark S. Smith ( May 30 , 1912 – October 28 , 2014 ) was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
He turned 100 in May 2012 and died in October 2014 .

Kenneth J. Cole
Kenneth Joseph Cole ( born February 13 , 1936 ) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Eugene Geesey
Eugene R. Geesey ( born December 1 , 1931 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

John Allan ( Australian footballer )
John Allan ( 26 October 1882 – 27 December 1933 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Allan played as a wingman during two seasons for Collingwood in the VFL .
His first season was in 1902 where he played 17 games for the season , including the 1902 Grand Final win over Essendon .
In 1903 , Allan would only play 2 games , ending his VFL career with 19 games and 9 goals .

Harold Rudisill
Harold B. Rudisill ( May 14 , 1898 – May 18 , 1969 ) was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Raymond Hovis
Raymond L. Hovis ( born January 13 , 1934 ) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

A. Carville Foster
A. Carville Foster , Jr. ( born October 21 , 1932 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Newport Bay
Newport Bay may refer to :

John Hope Anderson
John Hope Anderson ( May 2 , 1912 – May 26 , 2005 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Gregory Snyder
Gregory M. Snyder is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
He is now commissioned as a judge in the Court of Common Pleas of York County , Pennsylvania .

Stanford Lehr
Stanford I. Lehr ( May 13 , 1912 – October 30 , 1992 ) was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Robber 's Bridge
Robber 's Bridge is an old masonry arch bridge in the royal forest of Exmoor , carrying the minor road from Porlock Hill to Oare .
It crosses Weir Water and is located down a steep , wooded lane beneath overhanging trees .
Some consider it to be a popular picnic spot , accessible via a narrow , steep and winding road .
Association with Lorna Doone .
The bridge takes its name from the fact that much of this area was dangerous bandit country in past centuries .
R. D. Blackmore drew on the history and legends of this area to create his world-famous novel " Lorna Doone " .

Harold Horn
Harold Acker Horn is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
He was born in Gap , Pennsylvania to Albert M. and Lavinia M. Acker Horn .
Harold Horn died December 31 , 1985 .

Marvin E. Miller , Jr.
Marvin E. Miller , Jr. ( born December 13 , 1945 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Local door operation
Local door operation refers to a procedure and system in place on railway rolling stock on the United Kingdom railway network .
It is where a single door on a train is operated by its train crew from a crew operated switch , often on a train door control panel operated by the train 's guard .
This differs from the Emergency Door Release or Egress that can be used by the general public in case of an emergency , this usual requires a cover to be removed or broken to operate and would never usually be used in the normal course of a journey .
Location and operation .
The location of the local door varies and is usual in multiple locations on the train , and sometimes does not require a switch to operate in the case of outside doors to Brake Vans or Driving Van Trailers for example .
It is used to allow train crew to access the train without the use of the general passenger doors or for use in the Guards dispatch duties leaving a station .
The public are not permitted to use this device and it should be impossible for a member of the public to access it .
Brake Van doors and control panel covers for instance require keys to open , and in the case of door control panels require another key to prime them for use .
Local door switches in the open position while disarmed usually activate the train ’s emergency breaking systems ; this prevents a door from opening by accident when a crew member arms the control while in motion .
Onboard trains .
On coaching stock trains fitted with central door locking ( slam door ) , there is no ‘local door ’ except on the train 's Guard 's van .
Local instructions allow the Guard to operate train doors from any location it is safe to do so , or where regulations require them to do so .
Once it is required , the Guard can lock all doors without requiring closing their door , as the locking bolt does not activate until the door is closed .
Coaching stock trains with power doors , like the Mark 4 used on the East Coast Main Line , have local door switches at all door control panel locations .
All multiple unit trains have local door switches , located in various locations .
These are always located on cab doors which can be locked for security .
Most of the rest are located on door control panels and require the Guard open their local door and step onto the platform before opening the remaining passenger doors , thus making sure there train is accommodated correctly on the platform .
In some cases , where the driver releases the doors , the Guard uses a switch to isolate their door from the rest to prevent it closing when the other passenger doors are closed .
The Guard will observe the doors closing , and is required to remain on the platform until all doors are closed and it is safe to proceed .
They will then will close their door before starting the train .

Alpine Loop
Alpine Loop may refer to :

June Honaman
June N. Honaman ( May 24 , 1920 – December 3 , 1994 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Jack B. Horner
Jack B. Horner ( March 24 , 1922 – July 10 , 2009 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

NewConnect
NewConnect is an alternative stock exchange allowing smaller companies to float shares run by the Warsaw Stock Exchange .
The exchange is conducted outside the regulated market as an multilateral trading facility .
Compared to the main market of Warsaw Stock Exchange , NewConnect offers lower costs for floated companies , simplified entrance criteria and limited reporting requirements .
The exchange maintains two indices , which measure the performance of listed companies : the broadly composed NCIndex ( which comprises all companies listed on the NewConnect ) and NSX Life Science ( which comprises the companies from pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors ) .
History .
The first session took place on August 30 , 2007 .
NewConnect was modelled on the basis of the British Alternative Investment Market and Nordic First North alternative share markets .
Its aim was to provide financing and place of exchange for shares of smaller companies that listed on the main market of the Warsaw Stock Exchange .
List of companies .
As of 1 February 2011 , there were 199 companies listed on the NewConnect with a market capitalisation of PLN 5.930 billion .
As of 22 March 2009 , there were 87 :

Kenneth Brandt
Kenneth E. Brandt ( born November 17 , 1938 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Harry Gring
Harry H. Gring ( January 18 , 1918 – August 7 , 1992 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Terry Scheetz
Terry R. Scheetz is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
He was born in Lancaster .

Sherman L. Hill
Sherman L. Hill ( December 4 , 1911 – March 1984 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Más de Marco Antonio Solís
Más de Marco Antonio Solís ( Eng. : " More of Marco Antonio Solis " ) is a compilation album released by Marco Antonio Solís on November 3 , 2009 .
This album was released in two formats CD and CD with DVD .

Ward 3 , St. Louis City
Ward 3 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis , Missouri .
It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis The current alderman for Ward 3 is Freeman Bosley Sr. . Ward 3 contains parts of many neighborhoods , including JeffVanderLou , St. Louis Place , Hyde Park , College Hill , Fairground Neighborhood , and O ' Fallon .

Ward 4 , St. Louis City
Ward 4 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis , Missouri .
It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis The current alderman for Ward 4 is Samuel L. Moore .
Ward 4 contains parts of many neighborhoods , including Lewis Place , Kingsway East , Greater Ville , The Ville , and Vandeventer

Madame C. J. Walker Manufacturing Company
The Madame C. J. Walker Manufacturing Company ( Madame C. J. Walker Manufacturing Co. , The Walker Company ) was a United States African American cosmetics manufacturer incorporated in Indianapolis , Indiana in 1910 by Madame C. J. Walker .
In 1911 Madame C. J. Walker was listed as the sole stakeholder of the company .
The Walker Company was best known for its African-American cosmetics and hair care products in the twentieth century .
The Walker Company is considered the most widely known and financially successful African-American owned business of the early twentieth century .
In July 1981 , the Walker Company was closed .
History .
1905-1909 .
Madame C. J. Walker , then Sarah Breedlove , first formed the idea of her company in Cherry Creek , a prosperous mining town in Denver , Colorado , in the early twentieth century .
Madame claimed that the , " alkai - laden earth , whose salt content also affected agricultural output , leached nutrients from the hair .
" In 1905 , Madame became a sales agent for Annie Malone , an African-American businesswoman , and a cook at a boarding house .
Edmund L. Scholtz , a wholesale druggist in Denver , offered to analyze Malone 's formulas for Madame , and suggested that she , " leave out or put in more , and make the money herself .
" When Madame had saved enough money to resign from her position as cook at the boarding house , she purchased an attic which became her first laboratory , dedicated to the modification of her own haircare products based on those of Malone .
Madame sold her hair preparations door-to-door throughout the compact black community in Denver under the Roberts and Pope name .
The first advertisements for Madame 's haircare products appeared in 1906 in " The Statesman " and featured a front and back image of her shoulder-length hair which boasted the growth was from only two years ' treatment .
In July 1906 , Madame struck out on her own with her Madam Walker 's Wonderful Hair Grower , and detached herself from Malone 's Roberts and Pope company .
Madame traveled from Pueblo , Colorado to Trinidad , Colorado , to Colorado Springs , Colorado , and back to Denver where she received her daughter , Lelia .
in September 1906 , Lelia took over Madame 's business operations in Denver .
By May 1907 , tensions between Malone and Madame came to a head , and " The Statesman " reported that Madame would discontinue business in Denver altogether and planned to travel throughout the southern United States and eventually to northern states .
Madame and her husband , C. J. traveled throughout the southern states for eighteen months and ran a mail-order business for Madame 's products .
As she gained popularity , it became clear that Madame would need a temporary headquarters for her business --Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania was chosen for its convenient and accessible shipping arrangements .
In the midst of Pittsburgh 's 1908 economic crisis , Madame opened a hair parlor at 2518 Wylie Avenue among a number of other black businesses .
Madame also began training her own sales agents who learned Madame 's hair preparations .
Madame placed Lelia in charge of these agents , while Madame traveled west to Ohio .
At twenty - three , Lelia was sent to the Bluefield , West Virginia to survey untapped markets .
1910–1981 .
In January 1910 , Madame and her husband traveled to Louisville , Kentucky where Madame offered stock to and Alice Kelly .
The pair suggested that Madame write to Booker T. Washington for support of her company .
Madame wrote to Washington , requesting his aid in raising $ 50,000 to form a stock company .
Washington replied , " I hope very much you may be successful in organizing the stock company and that you may be successful in placing upon the market you preparation , " but did not offer his assistance .
Madame and her husband arrived in Indianapolis , Indiana on 10 February 1910 .
Seeking residence with Dr. Joseph Ward on Indiana Avenue , Indianapolis 's African-American thoroughfare , Madame opened a salon in his home where she hosted sales agents and clients .
Between February and April 1910 , Madame grew her customer base .
Multi - level marketing was Madame 's most successful strategy .
By August 1910 , Madame had 950 sales agents and thousands of clients coming through the salon .
With her client base growing , Madame sought out two Indianapolis lawyers , Freeman Ransom , and Robert Lee Brokenburr .
In the summer of 1910 , Madame asked Brokenburr to draft articles of incorporation for the Madame C. J. Walker Manufacturing Company of Indiana .
The mission of the company was to , " sell a hairgrowing , beautifying , and scalp disease - curing preparation and clean scalps the same .
" Madame , her husband , and daughter were named the sole members of the board of directors .
In November , with funds from her mail order business and Ward residence salon , Madame purchased a brick home at 640 North West Street .
By December Madame had added two more rooms and a bath with plans for the addition of a factory , laboratory , and salon .
According to Brokenburr 's incorporation papers , the North West Street building was to be named the Madam C. J. Walker Manufacturing Company of Indiana .

Ward 5 , St. Louis City
Ward 5 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis , Missouri .
It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis The current representative for Ward 5 is Alderwoman Tammika Hubbard .
Ward 5 contains parts of many neighborhoods , including Downtown West , JeffVanderLou , St. Louis Place , Carr Square , Columbus Square , Old North St. Louis , Near North Riverfront , and Hyde Park .

George W. Jackson
George W. Jackson is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
He was born in Philadelphia .

Frank Hailwood
Frank Hailwood ( 3 April 1873 - 21 May 1944 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Hailwood was Collingwoods ruckman during seven seasons in eight years for Collingwood in the VFL .
Hailwood played just over 100 games for Collingwood , including the 1902 Grand Final win over Essendon .

Harvey Nitrauer
Harvey L. Nitrauer ( March 6 , 1906 – June 24 , 1988 ) was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Ward 6 , St. Louis City
Ward 6 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis , Missouri .
It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis The current alderman for Ward 6 is Christine Stroer Ingrassia .
Ward 6 contains parts of many neighborhoods , including Fox Park , Tower Grove East , Compton Heights , The Gate District , Lafayette Square , Peabody / Darst/Webbe , Downtown West , Midtown , and JeffVanderLou .

Robert Rowe
Robert C. Rowe ( born July 15 , 1938 ) is a former attorney and former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
He was disbarred by the Pennsylvania Supreme Court on April 6 , 1989 and was soon thereafter convicted of multiple counts of Forgery , Theft , Misappropriation of Entrusted Funds and Bad Checks .

Nicholas Moehlmann
Nicholas B. Moehlmann ( born July 26 , 1938 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Ed Arnold
Ed Arnold is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Peter Wambach
Peter C. Wambach , Jr. is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

H. Joseph Hepford
H. Joseph Hepford ( July 1 , 1924 – March 22 , 2010 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Miles Zimmerman
Miles B. Zimmerman , Jr. ( December 19 , 1917 – December 17 , 1989 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Joseph Manmiller
Joseph C. Manmiller ( November 28 , 1925 – October 13 , 2008 ) was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1975 to 1988 .
He represented the 105th District

Rudolph Dinnini
Rudolph V. Dinnini ( October 19 , 1926 – December 16 , 1998 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Paul Ruane
Paul G. Ruane ( July 31 , 1933 – August 23 , 2000 ) was a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Joseph P. Bradley , Jr.
Joseph P. Bradley , Jr. is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
He was born in 1926 in Shamokin , Pennsylvania .

Huntley Gordon ( racing driver )
Huntley Gordon ( September 5 , 1883 – December 15 , 1967 ) was an American racing driver .
Gordon made six American Championship Car Racing starts on the west coast in 1914 and 1915 .
His best finish was 5th place in the 1914 race on the road course in Corona , California .
He drove a Mercer in all of his race starts .
Gordon was the father of off-road racer Bob Gordon and grandfather of NASCAR and CART driver Robby Gordon and off-road racer Beccy Gordon .

George O . Wagner
George O .
Wagner IV ( born April 12 , 1946 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Neurochondrin
Neurochondrin proteins induces hydroxyapatite resorptive activity in bone marrow cells resistant to bafilomycin A1 , an inhibitor of macrophage - and osteoclast - mediated resorption .
Expression of the gene is localised to chondrocyte , osteoblast , and osteocyte in the bone and to the hippocampus and Purkinje cell layer of cerebellum in the brain .
Human proteins containing this domain .
NCDN ;

Kent Shelhamer
Kent D. Shelhamer ( born November 30 , 1924 ) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Ted Stuban
Ted Stuban ( July 13 , 1927 – November 27 , 2013 ) was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
He was first elected in the general election of 1976 , taking office in 1977 .
He was reelected seven times , representing the 109th Legislative District through the end of the 1992 session .
He retired from active political involvement with the end of his eighth term .
Born July 13 , 1927 in Berwick , Pennsylvania .
Stuban maintained a dual career as a licensed auctioneer while serving in the House .
Prior to being elected to the legislature , Stuban held office as Mayor of Briar Creek Borough in Columbia County and also served on the Berwick Borough Council .
He was of Ukrainian heritage .
Stuban died in 2013 .

Andrew Moscrip
Andrew Stewart Moscrip ( March 17 , 1915 – January 18 , 1978 ) was a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

David M. Turner
David MacAllister Turner , Sr. was a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Carmel Sirianni
Carmel Sirianni ( September 14 , 1922 – April 22 , 1991 ) was an American politician .
Career .
She served as a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1975 to 1990 , representing its 111th District .

Bob Dukiet
Robert Kevin " Bob " Dukiet ( February 5 , 1948 – May 28 , 2009 ) was an American college basketball coach .
Biography .
Early life .
Dukiet was born and raised in Livingston , New Jersey and was a high school All-American at Livingston High School .
He starred for Bob Cousy at Boston College , graduating " cum laude " in 1970 with a degree in finance and was drafted by the Los Angeles Lakers .
As a sophomore for coach Cousy , Dukiet played in 24 games and shot 55 % from the field ( 125–228 ) .
Dukiet was the team 's second leading scorer with 13.6 points per game and shot 78 per cent from the line ( 77–99 ) with 68 rebounds and 24 assists .
Dukiet held the BC record for best field goal percentage in one game for 14 years .
He shot 78 per cent ( 14–18 ) against Rhode Island on February 13 , 1968 .
The 1967–68 team went 17–8 and lost in the first round of the NCAA tournament to St. Bonaventure .
Dukiet missed most of the next season due to a knee injury , while his team went 24–4 and finished second in the 1969 NIT to Temple .
He spent most of his senior season recovering from mononucleosis .
Coaching career .
Dukiet was assistant coach at Montclair State College ( 1970–71 ) , Dartmouth College ( 1971–72 ) and was the assistant coach at Princeton University ( 1972 to 1979 ) where his freshman teams compiled a record of 52 wins and 15 losses .
In his first season as head coach at St. Peter 's College , he led the Peacocks to a 22–9 record and the quarterfinals of the NIT .
The team was the best defensive squad in the nation , according to the final NCAA statistics , allowing only 50.4 points per game .
Dukiet was named NBC Co - Rookie Coach of the Year with UCLA 's Larry Brown and received Coach of the Year honors from " Eastern Basketball Magazine " , the New York and New Jersey Basketball Writers Associations , and from the ECAC Metro Conference .
The next year ( 1980–81 ) , his team was ranked second defensively and finished the year with a 17–9 record .
Dukiet was named Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference Coach of the Year in 1981–82 after leading his team to a 20–9 record , an NIT bid and a fourth place defensive ranking .
The team was also eighth in the nation in field goal percentage offense .
In 1982–83 , Dukiet 's team went 22–5 , was ranked second by the NCAA for field goal percentage offense and eighth by the NCAA for team defense .
Following the 1984 season , Dukiet was again named Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference Coach of the Year after leading his team to a 23–6 record and an NIT bid .
The New York and New Jersey Basketball Writers Association again chose Dukiet as its Coach of the Year and the New York Metropolitan basketball Writers named him Co - Coach of the Year along with Iona 's Pat Kennedy .
Dukiet 's 1985–86 team ranked first in the nation in defense , allowing only 55 points per game , and finished with a 16–12 record .
The team also led the nation in field goal percentage defense , holding its opponents to .411 from the field .
On July 5 , 1986 , Dukiet became the 12th men 's basketball coach in Marquette 's history .
He was hired to replace Rick Majerus , who left after three seasons as head coach at MU to become an assistant for the Milwaukee Bucks .
Dukiet 's best team was his first , which compiled a 16–13 record and played in the first round of the NIT .
Dukiet subsequently coached at Gannon University in Erie , Pennsylvania .
Dukiet coached at Gannon from 1989 to 1996 , compiling a 136–67 record .
Gannon advanced to the Division II national tournament four times under Dukiet , reaching the national quarterfinals in 1990 .
Piano Bob .
After Dukiet retired to South Florida he spent much of his time playing the piano at hotels , events , restaurants , Skilled Nursing and Assisted Living Facilities .
Dukiet was not a singer , but his honkey-tonk style of playing the piano always had his audience singing along with him .
Death .
Dukiet died after a bout with stomach cancer on May 28 , 2009 , aged 61 , in Boynton Beach , Florida .

Kenneth E. Lee
Kenneth E. Lee is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Paul F. Crowley
Paul F. Crowley ( born June 13 , 1934 ) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Charles Volpe
Charles J. Volpe is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
He died in 1988 .

Michael Needham
Michael J. Needham ( October 8 , 1910 – February 1 , 1986 ) was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Thomas P. Walsh
Thomas P. Walsh is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
He was born in Scranton .

Frank Zitterman
Francis " Frank " J. Zitterman was a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
He was born in Dickson City .

John Wansacz
John Wansacz ( October 7 , 1936 – November 15 , 2014 ) was an American politician and businessman .
Political career .
Wansacz served as a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1965 to 1972 and 1975 to 1978 .
Background .
Born in Old Forge , Pennsylvania , Wansacz graduated from Old Forge High School .
He then worked at Morris White Fashions .
He owned Heart Lake Lodge and was on the Lackawanna County , Pennsylvania Board of Appeals .

Jonathan Vipond
Jonathan Vipond III ( born January 9 , 1945 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Joseph G. Wargo
Joseph G. Wargo ( August 4 , 1922 – August 21 , 1999 ) was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

William Bachman
William T. Bachman ( January 9 , 1908 – May 12 , 1993 ) was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

James Ustynoski
James J. Ustynoski ( May 31 , 1932 – November 4 , 2000 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Sectarian discrimination
Sectarian discrimination is bigotry , discrimination or hatred arising from attaching importance to perceived differences between subdivisions within a group , such as between different denominations of a religion or the factions of a political movement .
The ideological underpinnings of attitudes and behaviors labeled as sectarian are extraordinarily varied .
Members of a religious or political group may feel that their own salvation , or success of their particular objectives , requires aggressively seeking converts from other groups ; adherents of a given faction may believe that for the achievement of their own political or religious project their internal opponents must be purged .
Sometimes a group feeling itself to be under economic or political pressure will attack members of another group thought to be responsible for its own decline .
It may also more rigidly define the definition of " orthodox " belief within its particular group or organisation , and expel or excommunicate those who do not agree with this newfound clarified definition of political or religious ' orthodoxy .
' In other cases , dissenters from this orthodoxy will secede from the orthodox organisation and proclaim themselves as practitioners of a reformed belief system , or holders of a perceived former orthodoxy .
At other times , sectarianism may be the expression of a group 's nationalistic or cultural ambitions , or exploited by demagogues .
A sectarian conflict usually refers to violent conflict along religious and political lines such as the conflicts between Catholics and Protestants in Northern Ireland ( although political beliefs and class - divisions played major roles as well ) .
It may also refer to general philosophical , political disparity between different schools of thought such as that between Shia and Sunni Muslims .
Non - sectarians espouse that free association and tolerance of different beliefs are the cornerstone to successful peaceful human interaction .
They espouse political and religious pluralism .
Religious sectarianism .
Sectarianism is present in all parts of the world .
Wherever religious sectarians compete , religious sectarianism is found in varying forms and degrees .
In some areas , religious sectarians ( for example Protestant and Catholic Christians in the United States ) now exist peacefully side-by-side for the most part .
In others , some nominal Catholics and Protestants have been in fierce conflict – one recent example of this was in Northern Ireland , although the conflict was condemned by some Catholic and Protestant leaders .
Within Islam , there has been conflict at various periods between Sunnis and Shias ; Shi'ites consider Sunnis to be Muslim but " non-Believers " .
Many Sunni religious leaders , including those inspired by Wahhabism and other ideologies have declared Shias ( and sometimes mainstream Sunnis ) to be heretics and / or apostates .
Iraq and Pakistan are two notable contemporary examples .
Europe .
Since the 17th century , there has been sectarian conflict of varying intensity in Ireland .
This religious sectarianism is bound up with nationalism .
This has been particularly intense in Northern Ireland since the 17th century .
Due to Irish emigration these tensions can be found in other regions of the world , including Scotland ( with some fans of football clubs such as Rangers and Celtic and Hearts F. C. and Hibernian F. C. indulging in sectarian chants ) ( see : " Sectarianism in Glasgow " ) , Newfoundland , Canada 's Maritime provinces , New York State , Ontario , Liverpool , Birmingham and elsewhere .
See also Know-Nothings for anti-Catholic sentiment in the United States .
In Catholic countries , Protestants have historically been persecuted as heretics .
For example , the substantial Protestant population of France ( the Huguenots ) was expelled from the kingdom in the 1680s following the revocation of the Edict of Nantes .
In Spain , the Inquisition sought to root out not only Protestantism but also crypto - Jews and crypto - Muslims ( " moriscos " ) ; elsewhere the Papal Inquisition held similar goals .
In most places where Protestantism is the majority or ' official ' religion , there have been examples of Catholics being persecuted .
In countries where the Reformation was successful , this often lay in the perception that Catholics retained allegiance to a ' foreign ' power ( the Papacy ) , causing them to be regarded with suspicion .
Sometimes this mistrust manifested itself in Catholics being subjected to restrictions and discrimination , which itself led to further conflict .
For example , before Catholic Emancipation in 1829 , Catholics were forbidden from voting , becoming MP 's or buying land in Ireland .
Today , bigotry and discrimination in employment are usually relegated a few places where extreme forms of religion are the norm , or in areas with a long history of sectarian violence and tension , such as Northern Ireland ( especially in terms of employment ; however , this is dying out in this jurisdiction , thanks to strictly - enforced legislation .
Reverse discrimination now takes place in terms of employment quotas which are now applied ) .
In places where more ' moderate ' forms of Protestantism ( such as Anglicanism / Episcopalianism ) prevail , the two traditions do not become polarized against each other , and usually co-exist peacefully .
Especially in England , sectarianism is nowadays almost unheard of .
However in Western Scotland ( where Calvinism and Presbyterianism are the norm ) sectarian divisions can still sometimes arise between Catholics and Protestants .
Indeed , in the early years following the Scottish Reformation there was actually internal sectarian tension between Church of Scotland Presbyterians and ' High Church ' Anglicans , whom they regarded as having retained too many attitudes and practices from the Catholic era .
Northern Ireland has introduced a Private Day of Reflection , since 2007 , to mark the transition to a post - [ sectarian ] conflict society , an initiative of the cross-community Healing through Remembering organisation and research project .
The civil wars in the Balkans which followed the breakup of Yugoslavia have been heavily tinged with sectarianism .
Croats and Slovenes have traditionally been Catholic , Serbs and Macedonians Eastern Orthodox , and Bosniaks and most Albanians Muslim .
Religious affiliation served as a marker of group identity in this conflict , despite relatively low rates of religious practice and belief among these various groups after decades of communism .
Australia .
Sectarianism in Australia is a historical legacy from the 18th , 19th and 20th centuries .
Pakistan .
In Pakistan , there has been a history of sectarian violence and unrest since the 1970s , although much of the violence may be attributed to non - theological clashes over tribal lands , rivalries , and class - disputes .
Almost all relations between Shias and Sunnis are peaceful , and there exists a large degree of intermarriage between the two communities .
Further , many prominent Shias play an important political role in the country — the late Benazir Bhutto is believed to have been Shia , for example .
However , sporadic violence between the two communities is often initiated by extremists on both sides , particularly in South Punjab .
Middle East and Asia .
Iraq .
Iraq 's Shia population was persecuted during the presidency of Saddam Hussein , and certain elements of the Iraqi insurgency have made a point of targeting Shias in sectarian attacks .
In turn , the Sunnis have complained of discrimination and human rights abuses by Iraq 's Shia majority government , which is bolstered by the fact that Sunni detainees were allegedly discovered to have been tortured in a compound used by government forces on November 15 , 2005 .
This sectarianism has fueled a giant level of emigration and internal displacement .
Some people advocate an independent nation for the Shias of Iraq .
The idea that Iraq could be split into Kurdistan in the north , Iraq in the center and Basra in the south .
The thinking is that if each community is busy nation - building , they would not be attacking each other as they would be within a single country where the communities may be striving for political dominance at expense of other communities instead of working together .
British India was split into Hindu - dominant India and Muslim - dominant Pakistan .
After a two-year trial , Malaysia was split into Malay - dominant Malaysia and Chinese - dominant Singapore .
Lebanon .
Lebanon 's religious divisions are extremely complicated , and the country is made up by a multitude of religious groupings .
Sectarianism in Lebanon was caused because of the political sharing of power .
The 1943 National Pact gave the Maronite Christians , the then majority , more power than the other groups .
Although the Taif agreement ended the civil war , power is still divided along sects .
Sectarianism within Judaism .
Sectarianism also exists between Orthodox and Reform Jews , with orthodox Jews often characterizing reform Jews as being non - religious , disobeying the Torah , rarely attending shul and adopting semi - Christian styles of worship .
Reform Jews , on the other hand , often view the orthodox as being intolerant of them and of other religions , placing legalistic rules such as the observance of the Sabbath above ethical obligations , being cult-like and hostile to change .
Political sectarianism .
In the political realm , to describe a group as ' sectarian ' ( or as practicising ' sectarianism ' ) , is to accuse them of prioritizing differences and rivalries with politically close groups .
An example might be a communist group who are accused of devoting an excessive amount of time and energy to denouncing other communist groups rather than their common foes .
However , separatist fundamentalist Protestant political parties have proliferated , and regularly denounce one another , in New Zealand , as can be seen from the entries on United Future New Zealand and Future New Zealand .
Libertarianism seems to be similarly susceptible to fissiparous tendencies of its own .
The Monty Python film " The Life of Brian " has a well-known joke in which various Judean groups , who to an outsider are indistinguishable , are more concerned with in-fighting than with their nominal aim of opposing Roman rule .
This is taken to be a parody of modern political groups .

Ronald Gatski
Ronald B. Gatski is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Correale Stevens
Correale F. Stevens ( born October 6 , 1946 ) is an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania and former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Tom Stish
Thomas B. Stish is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Stanley Meholchick
Stanley A. Meholchick ( January 1 , 1917 – August 21 , 1998 ) was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

James Musto
James Musto ( October 12 , 1899 – May 2 , 1971 ) was a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
Family .
His son was Ray Musto who also served in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives and later in the United States House of Representatives .

Fred Shupnik
Fred J. Shupnik ( November 18 , 1916 – July 15 , 1997 ) was a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Stanley Jarolin
Stanley J. Jarolin ( January 4 , 1933 – May 13 , 2000 ) was a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Frank O ' Connell
Frank J. O ’ Connell , Jr. ( December 26 , 1923 – January 31 , 2004 ) is a former member of the Pennsylvania State Senate , serving from 1979 to 1985 .
He also served in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Prehistory of the Valencian Community
The prehistory in the Valencian Community refers to the period from the Paleolithic ( around 350,000 BCE ) , including the appearance of the first populations , until the appearance of colonizing peoples ( Greeks , Phoenicians , and Carthaginians ; around 500 BCE ) , in the territory of the Valencian Community .
Around 350,000 BCE , evidence of the first settlers of the current region known as the Valencian community was left in Cueva de Bolomor .
About 50,000 BCE , the Neanderthals occupied the region , leading a completely nomadic existence .
The Cova Negra represents this period well .
Around 30,000 BCE , the Neanderthals became extinct , replaced by the anatomically modern man ; and Levant was the last region populated by the dying species .
This change brought an improvement in the economy and technology , and art appeared .
In the Valencia region , the most common Paleolithic art was portable art ( unlike other regions of the Iberian Peninsula like in Cueva de Altamira , where cave art predominates ) , the Cueva de Parpalló providing the best examples .
The Valencian region was one of the first to witness the agricultural revolution at the dawn of the Neolithic ( 5,500 BCE approximately ) .
Ceramics appeared , like the Cardium Pottery in the Mediterranean , and large settlements , like the Cova de l' Or and the Mas d' ls , were populated .
Rock art from this period is abundant , especially in places like Valltorta and Pla de Petracos , the latter being a World Heritage Site .
With the dawn of the Copper Age , the number of settlements in the region increased , evidenced by the number of burial caves .
Iberian cultures began to differentiate at the beginning of the Bronze Age ( around 2000 BCE ) , and the independent culture inhabiting the region , the Bronze Valencian , was stagnant .
Although limited , there were metals , like the Treasure of Villena , the second largest collection of gold in Europe .
The settlements feature defensive walls , and were situated in areas difficult to access .
Some major settlements are in the towns of Redondo Cabezo and Muntanya Asolada .
In the late Bronze Age , settlements were gradually depopulated , although many were revived during the Iron Age , a period when Iberian and pre-Roman culture developed in the territory .
Paleolithic .
Lower Paleolithic .
The first traces of human settlement in the modern-day Valencian Community dates from the Lower Paleolithic ; the oldest yet are found in the Cueva de Bolomor .
Tools and animal bones date to around 350,000 BCE .
Though no human bones from this period have been found , tools and animal remains are closely associated with the activity of " Homo heidelbergensis " .
The first evidence of controlled fire in the Valencian Community was also found in Bolomor , and dates to around 250,000 BCE .
However , it is possible that humans inhabited this region much earlier as human remains found in other regions of the Iberian Peninsula date as far back as 800,000 BP ( Before Present ) , and the earliest evidence of fire in central Europe dates to approximately one 500,000 BP .
Middle Paleolithic .
Neanderthal remains from the Middle Paleolithic found in the region of the Valencian Community date to between 60,000 and 30,000 BCE .
The evidence found in archeological sites suggests these early humans were Nomadic , that they lived in caves , and acquired sustenance by hunting wild boar , red deer , mountain goats , fallow deer , and horses , competing with other predators like the leopard , the brown bear , and the wolf .
They also practiced simple funeral rituals .
Aside from cave paintings , Mousterian tools were also found .
These stone tools varied little during the Middle and Lower Paleolithic ; scientists believe they did n't change for 200,000 years .
Nevertheless , the Neanderthals also used organic materials like wood to make lances ; wooden lances have been found , infrequently , at archeological sites .
However , such tools could have played an important role in the survival of these groups .
Around this time , the number of archeological sites grew , most notably the site at Cova Negra , the most important from this period .
Other important sites include El Salt , the Cova de Beneito , and the Cueva del Cochino , all of which are concentrated in the south of modern-day Valencia .
In September 2009 , archeologists found Neanderthal remains at Solana de las Pillas , including racloirs , [ denticulados ] , and drills , as well as charcoal fragments , dating to 50,000 BCE .
This site is one of the few Valencian sites from this period not located within a cavern or cave .
By the late Middle Paleolithic , around 40,000 BCE , Cro-Magnon began expanding throughout Europe .
During a period of approximately 10,000 years , the two species of hominids , the Neanderthals and the Cro-Magnon , coexisted .
This eventually led to Neanderthal 's extinction around 30,000 BCE ; the last traces of Neanderthal activity are documented in the southern region of the Iberian Peninsula , including Valencia .
Being the last region occupied by the Cro-Magnon , the end of the Middle Paleolithic was delayed compared to the north of the peninsula , as this delayed the onset of industry linked to them ; the move toward industry occurred rather rapidly after its introduction .
Upper Paleolithic .
The arrival of the Cro-Magnon initiated the Upper Paleolithic .
There were significant advances from Neanderthal culture and technology ; the technology and hunting were more specialized , populations were the less nomadic , the use of resources improved and art developed .
The climatic conditions of this period were very severe for the settlements , as the planet underwent two glaciations , Würm II and Würm III .
Neanderthal technology was replaced by a system of laminar length .
This system involved removing plates from stone cores expressly prepared for it .
Tools were primarily carved from flint , which they made into needles , spears , and awls ; they made decorations from bored teeth and shells .
In the plains , the Cro-Magnon hunted deer , while in the mountains they pursued mountain goats .
The anatomically modern men selectively exploited each region ; their fixed search radius indicates more restricted mobility at the group level .
They also hunted smaller prey , usually rabbits in Valencia .
This does not mean that the Neanderthals lacked sufficient skill to hunt smaller prey , for archeologists have found rabbit remains at Neanderthal sites ; the difference is merely on of degree .
Neanderthal sites contained only a few rabbit remains , indicating occasional consumption , while at some excavated Cro-Magnon settlements , rabbits represented more than 80 percent of identified remains .
Valencian sites up to the Upper Paleolithic are rare and mainly concentrated to the south of the region , covering an area along the modern-day border of Valencia and Alicante .
Among those from this period are those at the Parpalló and Meravelles caves in Gandía and the Cova de les Rates Penades in Rótova .
Art of the Upper Paleolithic .
Paleolithic art developed in the Levant .
In the Upper Paleolithic , the best-known and most comprehensive assortment of art are the cave paintings of the Iberian Peninsula .
In the Valencian Community , various caves contain this type of paleolithic art , including the Cova Fosca , Cova de Reinós , Abric d' En Melia , and the Parpalló and Meravelles caves .
However , the predominate paleolithic art form in Valencia is portable art , that is , artistic objects that may be transported .
Parpalló is exemplary of this type of art , holding a large number of decorated platelets bearing images of darts , awls , and harpoons .
The development of art is associated with the growth in the complexity and size of a society , symbolizing shared identity as well as individuality .
Mesolithic .
During the Mesolithic or Epipaleolithic , the climatic conditions became more mild .
The glaciations of the Upper Paleolithic ended and the planet entered its current geological age , the Holocene .
Forests began to expand and the polar icecaps receded , raising the sea level to modern day levels .
The improvement in the climate increased the resource availability , both animal and plant .
Food sources included land mammals ( mountain goats , wild boar , and rabbits ) , plants ( fruits , berries , and roots ) and marine life ( fish , snails , and bivalves ) .
During this period , settlements last for shorter periods of time , mainly due to seasonal movements .
Settlements increased near coasts and around rivers and in swamps and lagoons , with marine based economies .
Open air archeological sites are more frequent during than previous periods .
Some examples include Casa de Lara and Estany Gran .
Tools played an increasingly greater role , and in fact , the Mesolithic in the region of Valencia may be divided into two periods , or complexes , according to the predominate toolmaking method .
The first of these uses the microlaminar method , which uses bones in the fabrication of weapons .
However , around 6500 BCE , this method was abandoned , and geometric elements began to predominate in the tools .
According to F. J. Fortea , this last complex may be divided further into three phases , differentiated according to the dominant geometric figures .
The first phase is characterized by an abundance of trapezoids , the second by triangles , and the third by a beveled geometry .
Settlements in the Valencian Community expanded considerably during the Mesolithic , increasing in number and even scattering throughout Castellón province , where few pre - Mesolithic artifacts have been found .
Among the various settlements are Cueva de la Cocina , Cova Fosca , Cova de Santa Maira , Tossal de la Roca , Abric de les Malledetes , Cova dels Balus , and Cova Matutano .
The Cueva de la Cocina is famous for the incredible number of flint tools , especially arrows , found there , and for its plates of stone covered in geometric shapes .
The Cova Fosca is well known for its small scale cave drawings depicting hunting and fighting .
Neolithic .
The Neolithic arrived on the Levant peninsula around 5550 BCE and eventually arrived on the Iberian Peninsula .
During this period new systems of production and materials like ceramic and polished were developed .
Agriculture and livestock changed settlement patterns and territorial organization .
Some of the richest artifact deposits of all the western Mediterranean are found in the region between Valencia and Alicante .
The economic system changed dramatically during the Neolithic .
Societies transitioned from hunting and gathering economies to sedentary agrarian economies .
Neolithic man constructed large ceramic containers and silos to store surplus grain .
Archeological discoveries indicate wheat , barley , and legumes were the staple grains during the Neolithic .
Domesticated cattle , sheep , goats and pork also provided food .

From Up Above
is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Sakuya Kurekoshi .
It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing , which released the manga through its imprint , Juné , on 25 November 2007 .
Reception .
Mania Entertainment 's Patricia Beard felt it was disappointing that more of " From Up Above " had not been released , as she felt it had a " cute story " , and that Kurekoshi 's art had " a fluidity and ease in the style " which lent itself to the tone of the story .
Holly Ellingwood , writing for Active Anime , compared " From Up Above " to " Fushigi Yuugi " , praising the " imagination " in the details of the story , and Kurekoshi 's " flowing art " and story .

Franklin Coslett
Franklin Coslett ( October 20 , 1921 – January 28 , 2011 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives who served as the State Representative for the 120th legislative district of Pennsylvania from 1979 to 1986 .
His tenure in Harrisburg was an era marked by superb constituent service , especially in aiding seniors in receiving prescription drug benefits .
Before his time in the State House , Coslett was a civic leader in his hometown of Kingston , Pennsylvania , the largest municipality in and the seat of the 120th district .
Indeed , at one point , he served as the President of the Kingston borough council .
After retiring from the Pennsylvania House in 1986 , Coslett was succeeded by Republican Scott Dietterick .
The seat Coslett and Dietterick occupied is currently held by Republican Aaron Kaufer , who succeeded longtime Democratic representative Phyllis Mundy after Mundy 's 2014 retirement .

Scott Dietterick
G. Scott Dietterick III ( February 10 , 1941 – February 22 , 2015 ) was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives who served in the legislature from 1987 to 1991 .
After being found guilty of insurance fraud , Dietterick lost in a landslide in 1990 to Democrat Phyllis Mundy , who occupied the seat until her 2014 retirement .
He was born in Wilkes - Barre .
He died of cancer in 2015 at the age of 74 .
He was a graduate of Kingston High School ( Pennsylvania ) ; attended Wilkes College for a time and then joined the U.S. Navy , serving as an electronics technician on the USS McKean .
Upon honorable discharge from the service , he returned home to work in the family business as a licensed independent agent/adjuster .
In 1975 , he founded Wyoming Valley Insurance , an insurance business .
After nine years on the Kingston City Council , he ran for the Pennsylvania State Legislature and served for two consecutive terms in the 120th district from 1987 to 1991 .
He was convicted of charges related to insurance fraud in October 1990 , a month before the election .
Dietterick sued unsuccessfully to remove his name from the state ballot and lost in a landslide to Democrat Phyllis Mundy .
Dietterick was spared a jail sentence .
His supporters packed the courtroom on the day of his sentencing and he received overwhelming support from his community , according to news accounts at the time .
In 1995 , he worked for FEMA , as a community relations specialist , traveling the United States and Puerto Rico , helping victims cope with their losses from Hurricane Georges .
In 2000 , he accepted a position with P. E. M. A. , as an emergency management specialist planning hazardous materials exercises .
He retired in 2008 .

Jim Addison
Jim Addison ( 1 January 1884 – 2 May 1957 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Addison played as a full-forward for Collingwood in only ten games over two seasons in the VFL .
In only his third game , Addison won a premiership and was the only multiple goalkicker in Collingwood 's Grand Final win against Fitzroy .
In 1904 , Addison would play in seven more games , ending his VFL career with 10 games and 4 goals .

Yalla Habibi
" Yalla Habibi " ( asserted in the song to be an Arabic phrase translating to " Let 's go , my love " ) is a 2009 single by Rime Salmi featuring Karl Wolf released in Canada as a follow up single to the successful " Carrera " .
The song is the first single taken from Karl 2009 album " Nightlife " and is track #1 in the album .
It entered the Canadian Hot 100 on the chart dated 18 October 2009 and peaked at #24 on the chart dated 19 December 2009 .
Yalla Habibi was produced by I-Notchz Productions and written by Lukay " Hit-mayka " at the Documedia Studio .
The song also appears in the collection " Now !
15 " .
Music video .
The official video , is produced by Music Media Factory Inc and by Lone Wolf Entertainment Inc. , a production company owned by Karl Wolf .
It was shot in Dubai and Ajman , in the United Arab Emirates , with Karl Wolf as director , Dominic Lachance as Co - Director and Editor , Ahmed Kardous as D. O.P and Yasir Alyasiri as producer .

Hope Valley Historic District
Hope Valley Historic District may refer to :

Atithi Tum Kab Jaoge ?
Atithi Tum Kab Jaoge ( " Dear Guest , When Will You Leave " ) is a 2010 Bollywood comedy film directed by Ashwni Dhir , and it was produced by Amita Pathak .
The film stars Ajay Devgan , Paresh Rawal and Konkona Sen Sharma in the lead roles .
It was released on 5 March 2010.The film was an average grosser and made nearly double of its budget ( 150 million ) at the box office .
It received numeorous nominations at award ceremonies .
The film was declared average at Indian boxoffice .
Plot .
Chastised by their son , Aayush 's Hindi school - teacher for not conversing in one of the national languages , as well as ignoring the relevance of the word ' Atithi ' , Mumbai-based Bollywood writer , Puneet ( Ajay Devgn ) , and his wife , Munmun ( Konkona Sen Sharma ) , go out of their way to welcome an hitherto unknown paternal uncle , Lambodar ( Paresh Rawal ) , from Gorakhpur .
Hoping that he will depart soon , the couple find their lives turned upside when he not only refuses to leave but interferes with their professional and personal lives – so much so that Puneet gets fired from his movie project ' Pachaas ' , and Munmun almost loses her job .
The loaded with mayhem ways they try to get Lambodar out of their house leads to hilarious results !
The climax of the story is that when Lambodhar decides to go back to his village Pappu ( his original nephew whom he had mistaken as Ajay Devgn ) comes and invites him over .
The confusion was that Puneet was living in A wing and Pappu was in the B wing of the apartment .
Production .
The film was shot at Yashraj Studios , Filmistan , Film City and other locations in Mumbai .
Reception .
Critical .
The film received average to good ratings from the critics .
Taran Adarsh from Bollywood Hungama rated it 3.5 out of 5 , and claimed that the film was " fun " and " frolic " for all .
Komal Nahta gave it 3/5 and explained how it should be acclaimed for its family love , and the great message at the end .
Box office .
" Atithi Tum Kab Jaoge " had an " average " opening at the box office , and took about a 30–40 % opening , which is a typical trend for films in the family comedy / drama genre .
The collections picked up through good word of mouth and sustained well at the box office for eight weeks despite competition from other films and IPL cricket tournament held during the same time .
The film worked well with family audiences but did not find a large youth audience .
The film did a domestic gross of 390 million .
It was declared an average grosser by " Box Office India " .
Music .
The music is composed by Amit Mishra and Pritam Chakraborty while the lyrics are by Irshad Kamil .
The soundtrack was released in 20 February 2010 .
" Aaja Aaja " and its remix are composed by Pritam while the rest were by Amit Mishra Adaptation .
The film is based on short story ' Tum kab jaoge , Athithi ?
' by Sharad Joshi , famous satirist of Hindi , whose stories are being aired on SAB TV 's Lapataganj , series directed by Ashwini Dhir , The Director of the film .
The film is a hilarious version of Agantuk ( Written and Directed by Satyajit Ray ) .
Recently the famous author and cartoonist of India , Abid Surti has sued makers of " Atithi Tum Kab Jaoge " claiming that story is directly lifted from his Gujarati novel " Bauter Varas No Babo " published in 1976 , which was later translated in Hindi as " Bahatar Saal Ka Baccha " .
He has filed a case with The Film Writers Association ( FWA ) and has demanded Rs 11.5 million as compensation , the case is still pending judgment .

Loving Gaze
is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Akira Kanbe .
It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing , which released the manga through its imprint , Juné , on 13 May 2008 .
Reception .
Leroy Douresseaux , writing for Comic Book Bin , notes " Loving Gaze " 's " deep romantic yearning " and appreciates Kanbe 's skill at drawing humans .
Rachel Bentham , writing for Active Anime , noted in Kanbe 's art " various subtle facial expressions " and enjoyed the " sweet romance " of the tale .
Briana Lawrence , writing for Mania Entertainment , disliked the rape tones of the manga , and felt the story was " too stereotypical " to enjoy , although Lawrence was relieved that in the second story the seme did not try to rape the uke .

Jim Sadler
Jim Sadler ( 28 July 1886 - 19 July 1975 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sadler played in 135 games over ten years for Collingwood in the VFL .
He was Collingwood 's back pocket player in the 1910 Grand Final win over Carlton .
Sadler also played in Collingwood 's losing Grand Final teams in 1911 and 1915 .

2009–10 Ultimate Soccer League
The 2009-10 Winter Ultimate Soccer League is the sophomore season for the winter league .
The members of the USL 's second season teams are the Dolton Cougars ( started the season as the Cruz Azul Chicago ) , Deportivo Indiana Gladiadores , Grand FC Mustangs , Indianapolis FC , Rockford Victory , Chicago Storm , and the Lake County Tsunami .
The regular season kicked off on November 7 , 2009 and concludes on February 28 , 2010 .
Standings .
Last Updated December 26 , 2009 1:52am EST

Marmayogi
Marmayogi ( ) is a 1951 Indian Tamil fantasy film directed by K. Ramnoth and produced by M. Somasundaram under his banner Jupiter Studios .
A film adaptation of the novel " Vengeance " by Marie Corelli and William Shakespeare 's novel " Macbeth " , the film was shot simultaneously in Hindi as " Ek Tha Raja " .
The film features M. G. Ramachandran , Madhuri Devi and Anjali Devi in the lead roles with Pandari Bai , M. N. Nambiar and S. V. Sahasranamam playing supporting roles .
Development of the film began after the success of " Rajakumari " ( 1947 ) , Ramachandran approached writer A. S. A. Sami to write a script which revolves around him .
Samy wrote a script inspired from " Vengeance " by Marie Corelli and Shakespeare 's novel " Macbeth " and Robinhood .
S. M. Subbaiah Naidu and C. R. Subbaraman composed all the songs in the soundtrack album .
Masthan and Subbarao handled the film 's cinematography .
The film was edited by M. A. Thirumugam .
The film was released in 2 February 1951 with reel length of .
The film became commercial success at box office and established Ramachandran 's image as a star .
It was the first Tamil film to receive an " A " ( Adults Only ) certificate from the Central Board of Film Certification .
Plot .
A King 's ( Serukalathur Sama ) mistress ( Anjali Devi ) usurps his power and casts him adrift in a river .
The two princes of the kingdom ( Sahasranamam and MGR ) are denied their birthright .
The deposed king wanders the country in the guise of a sage .
The younger prince ( Ramachandran ) leads a popular rebellion against the usurper - queen and restores the kingdom to his father .
Production .
After the success of " Rajakumari " ( 1947 ) , Ramachandran approached writer A. S. A. Sami to write a script which revolves around him .
Samy wrote a script inspired from " Vengeance " by Marie Corelli and Shakespeare 's novel " Macbeth " and Robinhood .
Makers initially considered naming the film as " Karikalan " but later changed it as " Marmayogi " to avoid it being confused as a historical film .
P. Bhanumathi was originally signed for the role of Urvasi later she was replaced by Anjali Devi .
Serukulathur Sama , Sahasranamam and S. A. Natarajan were selected to portray supporting roles .
M. N. Nambiar portrayed a positive character of Ramachandran 's assistant .
Masthan and Subbarao handled the film 's cinematography .
The film was edited by M. A. Thirumugam .
Ramachandran 's sword fight sequence with Sahasranamam was shot in outdoors with Ramachandran practised himself for the scene within 3 to 4 days and refused to use body double .
Director Ramnath changed the climax from the original screenplay .
After the film was completed , many felt that ending was not convincing and Ramnath reshot the climax which was accepted by audience .
Themes and influences .
The film 's plot was inspired from " Vengeance " by Marie Corelli and Shakespeare 's novel " Macbeth " .
The film drew inspiration from Russian film " Ivan The Terrible " ( 1944 ) and the scene where Karikalan enters the courtroom was inspired from the film " Adventures of Robin Hood " ( 1938 ) .
The scene where Ramachandran fight with sword with Sahasranamam by riding a horse is inspired from " Black Arrow " .
Soundtrack .
The music was composed by S. M. Subbaiah Naidu and C. R. Subburaman .
According to page 88 of G. Dhananjayan 's 2014 book " Pride of Tamil Cinema " , only two songs were written for the film : " Kazhuthailiye Irandu Vitham " and " Thillalangadi Thillalangadi " .
Page 89 of the same book contradicts this , stating that the film had at least five songs , including " Azhagana Penn Maanai Paar " , " Desam Pora Pokka Partha , Pesa Kooda Nalla Illae " , " Inbam Iravil Amaidhiyile " , " Kannin Karumaniye Kalavathi " and " Vetri Sangai Oothuvom " .
Release .
The film 's inaugural show was held at Prabhat Theatre which was commenced by Jayaprakash Narayanan .
The film was released on 2 February 1951 with reel length of .
The film was certified " A " because it featured a ghost .
Jupiter Pictures remade the film in Telugu with same name starring N. T. Rama Rao .
Legacy .
The film 's commercial success established Ramachandran 's image as a star .
It was the first Tamil film to receive an " A " ( Adults Only ) certificate from the censor board .
The dialogue " Karikalan kuri vaithaal thavara maatten !
Thavarumey aanaal kuri vaikka maatten " ( ) became popular and paved way for the trend of inclusion of punch dialogues in Tamil films .

Crucilândia
Crucilândia is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Itatiaiuçu
Itatiaiuçu is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Jeceaba
Jeceaba is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Moeda
Moeda is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Piedade dos Gerais
Piedade dos Gerais is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Rio Manso
Rio Manso is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Duncan McIvor
Duncan McIvor ( 11 November 1884 - 18 November 1930 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
McIvor played in 29 games during four seasons over six years for Collingwood in the VFL .
He was a back flank for Collingwood in the 1910 Grand Final win over Carlton .
McIvor played in Collingwood 's loss to Essendon in the 1911 Grand Final .
This was his last game for over two years until he returned to play one more game in round 10 , 1914 , a win over Carlton .

Onça de Pitangui
Onça de Pitangui is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Pitangui
Pitangui is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

São José da Varginha
São José da Varginha is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Cachoeira da Prata
Cachoeira da Prata is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Capim Branco
Capim Branco is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Cordisburgo
Cordisburgo is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Fortuna de Minas
Fortuna de Minas is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Funilândia
Funilândia is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Inhaúma , Minas Gerais
Inhaúma is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Jaboticatubas
Jaboticatubas is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Solar eclipse of February 7 , 2073
A partial solar eclipse will occur on February 7 , 2073 .

Jequitibá
Jequitibá is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Maravilhas
Maravilhas is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Matozinhos
Matozinhos is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Pequi , Minas Gerais
Pequi , Minas Gerais is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Prudente de Morais , Minas Gerais
Prudente de Morais , Minas Gerais is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Gunung Padang Megalithic Site
Gunung Padang is a megalithic site located in Karyamukti village , Cianjur regency , West Java Province of Indonesia , 50 km southwest of the city of Cianjur or 6 kilometers from Lampegan station .
It has been called the largest megalithic site in all of Southeastern Asia , and has produced carbon dating results which , if confirmed , suggest it is extraordinarily old .
The survey believes that Gunung Padang was built in four different eras .
History .
The existence of the site was mentioned in " Rapporten van de Oudheidkundige Dienst " ( ROD , " Report of the Department of Antiquities " ) in 1914 .
The Dutch historian N. J. Krom also mentioned it in 1949 .
Employees of the National Archeology Research Centre visited the site in 1979 for a study of its archaeology , history , and geology .
Located at 885 metres above sea level , the site covers a hill in a series of terraces bordered by retaining walls of stone that are accessed by about 400 successive andesite steps rising about 95 metres .
It is covered with massive rectangular stones of volcanic origin .
The Sundanese people consider the site sacred and believe it was the result of King Siliwangi 's attempt to build a palace in one night .
The asymmetric Punden Berundak faces northwest , to Mount Gede and was constructed for the purpose of worship .
Based on various dating techniques , the site was completed by 5000 BC and quite likely much earlier .
There are preliminary indications that the hill site may itself be an ancient pyramid construction .
The villages closest to the site are Cimanggu , Ciwangun and Cipanggulakan .
Two possible routes to access the site are At the end of June 2014 , the Education and Culture Ministry stated that Gunung Padang Megalithic Site as National Site Area with 29 hectares area .
On October 1 , 2014 , surveyors halted excavation activities temporarily due to these facts and recommendations : The 2014 excavation has been criticized for being improperly conducted .
2012 survey .
A survey conducted in 2012 showed the following : Criticism .
Thirty four Indonesian scientists signed a petition questioning the motives and methods of the Hilman-Arif team .
Vulcanologist Sutikno Bronto states that the site is the neck of an ancient volcano and not a man-made pyramid .
An unnamed archaeologist suggests that the Hilman-Arif team has " created a civilisation around the period to explain their finding " .
Although there is undisputed evidence of human activities at the top of Ganung Padang in the form of rearranging of natural basalt lava columns , some of the more astounding claims regarding the site , namely ( 1 ) That the 20,000 year-old carbon dates prove that there was a very ancient civilization , ( 2 ) That the " pyramid " has internal chambers , and ( 3 ) That the whole mountain / hill was constructed by people , actually have non - anthropogenic explanations .
First , the carbon dates ( derived from drilled core samples ) , if accurate , could be dating material associated with an older lava flow at depth and not necessarily the timing of human presence or activities .
Second , the internal chambers , presumably inferred from ground penetrating radar and seismic tomography , could be lava tubes , fractured basalt , or even possibly variation in groundwater .
Finally , the argument that the whole hill was constructed is not consistent with the overall geomorphology of the area .
The hill is probably a lava - capped hill , similar to the geomorphology of the surrounding area .
The fact that there are terraces on the sides of the hill do not necessarily imply that the whole hill was constructed .
Man-made terraces exist in many places on natural hills and mountains .
Local concerns .
In September , 2013 , some people upset by the tomography research beat 3 researchers , apparently out of concern that soil coring would injure the site or even contribute to risks of a landslide .

Santana do Riacho
Santana do Riacho is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Cana Verde
Cana Verde is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Cristais
Cristais is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Perdões , Minas Gerais
Perdões is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Santana do Jacaré
Santana do Jacaré is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Carmo do Cajuru
Carmo do Cajuru is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Ooshima Seishoen Sanatorium
Ooshima Seishōen Sanatorium , or National Sanatorium Ooshima Seishōen is a sanatorium for leprosy or ex - leprosy patients , situated in a small island called Ooshima , Takamatsu-shi , Kagawa-ken , Japan which was established in 1909 .

Cláudio , Minas Gerais
Cláudio is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Conceição do Pará
Conceição do Pará is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Igaratinga
Igaratinga is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Itaúna
Itaúna is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

UWS Village
UWS Village is located at the Western Sydney University adjacent to its Parramatta Campus .
The village was opened in February 2009 providing apartments from one to eight bedrooms .
At the time of opening , the village was the third Campus Living Villages property to be established in Sydney after the Macquarie University Village and the Sydney University Village .

Nova Serrana
Nova Serrana , Minas Gerais , Brasil Nova Serrana , Minas Gerais , Brasil is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Perdigão , Minas Gerais
Perdigão , Minas Gerais is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

São Sebastião do Oeste
São Sebastião do Oeste is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Carmo da Mata
Carmo da Mata is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Ibituruna
Ibituruna is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Passa Tempo
Passa Tempo is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

São Francisco de Paula , Minas Gerais
São Francisco de Paula is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Carvalhópolis
Carvalhópolis is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Conceição da Aparecida
Conceição da Aparecida is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Divisa Nova
Divisa Nova is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Fama , Minas Gerais
Fama , Minas Gerais is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Yogesh Atal
Yogesh Atal is an Indian sociologist .
He holds a Ph.D. degree and a D. Sc .
( honoris causa ) in social anthropology .
He joined UNESCO in 1974 and retired in 1997 as Principal Director in Social Sciences .
He has been honoured by the Maharana Mewar Foundation and the Indian Social Science Association for his contributions to social sciences .
Author and editor of a number of books on development related themes , he edited a trilogy of books on Poverty .
His latest books include : A Festschrift honouring him has been published under the title , " " ( ISBN 81-8069-098-9 , edited by Surendra K Gupta ) .
After retiring from UNESCO , Atal functioned for a year as Director-General of the Indian Institute of Education , Pune and as Chairman of the Programmes Committee of the Indian Association of Social Science Institutions ( IASSI ) .
He was a member of the ICSSR Council and of the Governing Board of the Gobind Vallabh Pant Institute of Social Sciences , Allahabad .
Currently , he is on the Governing Board of the National Institute of Health and Family Welfare .
He served on the High - Powered Committee appointed by the Government of Rajasthan in 2007 to examine the Demand of Gujjars for a Tribal Status .
He also served as Member of the National Advisory Committee for the International Symposium on Human Genomics ISHG 2009 , organised by the Anthropological Survey of India in March 2009 .
Currently , Professor Yogesh Atal is Program Advisory Board member at Sunstone Business School and Visiting Professor at the Madhya Pradesh Institute of Social Sciences , Ujjain .

Norm M. Oliver
Norman Maxwell ' Norm ' Oliver ( 14 November 1885 - 20 February 1938 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Oliver played in 33 games over three years with Collingwood in the VFL .
He was a wingman for Collingwood in the 1910 Grand Final win over Carlton .
Norm M. Oliver is not to be confused with Norm L. Oliver who played in 13 games with Collingwood in 1940–1941 .

Collège Charles - Lemoyne
The Collège Charles - Lemoyne is a private high school with campuses in Longueuil and in Sainte-Catherine , near Montreal , Quebec , Canada .

Georgia State Route 107
Georgia State Route 107 is a route in southern Georgia that runs from Interstate 75 in Ashburn to U.S. Route 221 in rural Jeff Davis County .
Route description .
From its western terminus with Interstate 75 in Ashburn , State Route 107 travels east toward Fitzgerald .
The route begins with a brief concurrency with State Route 112 for approximately three miles before departing State Route 112 .
The route then goes through rural Turner and Irwin counties before its intersection with State Route 125 just west of Fitzgerald .
Once in Fitzgerald , State Route 107 has an intersection with U.S. Route 129 and U.S. Route 319 .
State Route 107 shares a concurrency with U.S. 319 as the route leaves Fitzgerald and goes through rural Ben Hill County .
The route has intersections with State Route 206 and State Route 182 before entering Coffee County .
Soon after entering Coffee County , the route intersects with U.S. Route 441 and leaves it concurrency with U.S. Route 319 .
State Route 107 shares a brief concurrency with U.S. 441 before turning east into rural Coffee and Jeff Davis counties .
State Route 107 has an intersection with State Route 268 in Snipesville before reaching its eastern terminus with U.S. Route 221 north of Denton .

Sonny Clark Quintets
Sonny Clark Quintets is an album by jazz pianist Sonny Clark , recorded for the Blue Note label , featuring performances by Clark with Clifford Jordan , Kenny Burrell , Paul Chambers , and Pete LaRoca and two with Art Farmer , Jackie McLean , and Philly Joe Jones replacing Jordan , Burrell and LaRoca .
In 1957 , Clark and his quintet recorded three pieces for a scheduled album ( BLP 1592 ) : " Minor Meeting " , " Eastern Incident " and " Little Sonny " ( said tracks would be later issued on the CD release of " My Conception " ) .
Said album , however , never saw the light of the day in its complete form .
Said tracks , in fact , would remain the only recorded material which could be used ; not enough for an LP .
So , Blue Note decided to put these tracks together with two compositions already featured on " Cool Struttin " ' ( BLP 1588 ) and title the project Sonny Clark Quintets , released only in Japan as LNJ 70093 .
The album was awarded 4 stars by Lee Bloom in an Allmusic review which stated " Of interest to fans of the superb hard bop pianist , this recording combines material from two separate dates .
" Royal Flush " and " Lover " are from the January 1958 " Cool Struttin " ' session and are available domestically on the CD release of the same name .
The remaining tunes , " Minor Meeting , " " Eastern Incident " and " Little Sonny , " were never released during Clark 's short life — they are special for fans of Sonny , as they include guitarist Kenny Burrell .
Clark rarely worked with a guitarist , although he recorded some wonderful material with Grant Green , Tal Farlow , and Jimmy Raney , three masterful players .
His playing here never clashes harmonically or rhythmically with the guitar , a challenging feat for any jazz pianist .
These three original tunes are also welcome additions to the consistently excellent body of work which Sonny Clark composed " .
Track listing .
" Recorded on December 8 , 1957 ( #3-5 ) and January 5 , 1958 ( #1-2 ) . "

Taichi Kokubun
is a Japanese keyboardist and actor .
He plays keyboard for Tokio , a Johnny & Associates musical group .
Early life .
Taichi Kokubun was born in Higashikurume , Tokyo .
Career .
As an artist .
Before debuting with Tokio , Kokubun , like other Tokio members , was a backup - dancer for Johnny 's Entertainment boy bands , including Hikaru Genji .
In 1990 he became the keyboardist of Tokio , but it was not until 1994 that the band debuted .
In 2004 , Kokubun took a break from Tokio to form a temporary group with KinKi Kids member Tsuyoshi Domoto .
Together they released the theme song to " Fantastipo " , a movie in which they starred .
As an actor .
Kokubun began his acting career with a role in " Abunai Shōnen III " , a 1989 Japanese drama .
Since 1993 , he has played parts in drama shows and movies such as " Fantistipo " and " Shaberedomo Shaberedomo " .
He has hosted " Gachinko !
" with other Tokio members .
Currently Kokubun hosts " Kaitai Shin Show " and " Shonen Club Premium " on NHK , " Tetsuwan Dash " and " Guruguru Ninety - Nine " on NTV , " R30 " on TBS , " Mentore G " on Fuji TV , and " Aura no Izumi " on TV Asahi .
In April 2009 , Kokubun became a sportscaster for the Fuji TV show " Sports !
" .
Personal life .
In 2001 , it was revealed that Taichi Kokubun has dated Japanese singer-songwriter Aiko from 1998 .
However , the two broke up in 2007 .
In 2009 , Kokubun announced in an interview that he began a new relationship .

Paddy Gilchrist
Paddy Gilchrist ( 10 November 1889 - 7 August 1970 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Gilchrist played as the ruckman in 37 games over four years with Collingwood , including the 1910 Grand Final win over Carlton .
Gilchrist won a premiership in his first season in the VFL .
Gilchrist played only one game in his last season in the VFL , a win against Melbourne in round one , 1913 .

Ward 8 , St. Louis City
Ward 8 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis , Missouri .
It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis The current alderman for Ward 8 is Stephen Conway .
Ward 8 contains parts of many neighborhoods , including Southwest Garden , Tower Grove South , Tower Grove East , and Shaw .

Volfas Engelman
Volfas Engelman is an alcohol beverage producer in Kaunas , Lithuania .
, 99.57 % of Volfas Engelman shares belong to Finnish company group Olvi Plc .
It is one of the most modern light alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages producer in Lithuania , which produces and sells beer , kvass , cider , alcohol cocktails , and energy drinks .
According to market research company AC Nielsen , Volfas Engelman is the third biggest player in the beer market ; it has 37 % of cider market share , 26 % of alcohol cocktails , and 13 % of energy drinks market in 2009 .
Smetoniska gira , a kvass that was launched in 2008 , was the market leader in 2009 .
History .
The brewery Volfas Engelman was opened in Kaunas in 1853 , after merchant Raphail Wolf started boiling " Wolf 's beer " in his own brewery .
At that time he was producing only several buckets of beer a day , however , at that time it was a new high quality beer .
Later the business of this factory went to his son Iser Ber Wolf .
Iser Ber Wolf together with A. S. Soloveichik , another famous person in Kaunas , in the last decade of 19th century decided to buy a brewery from the competitor Ferdinand Engelmann .
Hence , based on this they established a new brewery " Steam - driven Beer and Malt Factory Engelmann " .
In 1927 several names for the brewery were used : I. B. Wolf – Engelmann , J. B. Wolf – Engelmann , J. B. Wolf – Engelman , but the official name proved by the Finance minister was " Joint - stock Company of Beer Breweries and Molt Factories " .
A that time the sales amounted to 40 % of all beer consumption in Lithuania .
Till the World War I that beer was exported to Gardin , Baltstoge , Suvalkai , Łomża .
In 1930 " I. B. Wolf – Engelman " sold 3.4 milliliters of production – about one third of all beer made in Lithuania .
Lithuanian manufacturers and retailers highly valued various fairs .
The company received a number of gold and silver medals for high quality production .
In 1940 the company " I. B. Volfas-Engelman " was nationalized .
The name was changed into " The previous I. B. Wolf – Engelman brewery " .
Since 1941 the name " Raudonoji pasvaiste " is found in the documents .
Later it was changed once again into " Perkunas " .
In 1959 " Beer and Soft Drinks Syndicate of Kaunas " was established on the basis of beer breweries " Volfas Engelman " and " Raudonoji pašvaistė " .
In 1967 the syndicate was renamed to " Ragutis " .
After Lithuania regained its independence in 1990 , " Volfas Engelman " was given a status of Kaunas Public Beer Brewery .
The disaffiliated second plant became an independent beer company " Zalsvytis " .
During the years 1993-1994 40 % of " Volfas Engelman " production was sold in Kaunas .
At the beginning of 1997 , Czech beer brewery " Pilzner Urquell " bought 51 % of " Volfas Engelman " shares .
The new owners paid lots of attention to the production process and the quality of beer ; therefore they decided to suspend the production of other drinks .
Around 10 million litas was invested into modernization of the brewery .
The focus was put on the improvement of production quality , an increase of production efficiency , and expansion of production capacity .
In 1999 " Olvi Plc " bought " Volfas Engelman " shares from " Pilzner Urquell " .
Currently " Olvi Plc " owns 99,57 % of " Volfas Engelman " shares .

Ward 9 , St. Louis City
Ward 9 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis , Missouri .
It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis The current alderman for Ward 9 is Kenneth Ortmann .
Ward 9 contains parts of many neighborhoods , including Dutchtown , Mount Pleasant , Marine Villa , Gravois Park , Kosciusko , Soulard , Benton Park , Tower Grove East , and Benton Park West .

Old Town Cemetery
Old Town Cemetery may refer to : or to cemeteries in any of many Old Towns in the U.S. or elsewhere

Ward 10 , St. Louis City
Ward 10 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis , Missouri .
It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis The current alderman for Ward 10 is Joseph Vollmer .
Ward 10 contains parts of many neighborhoods , including The Hill , Southwest Garden , North Hampton , Tower Grove South , and Kings Oak .

Ward 11 , St. Louis City
Ward 11 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis , Missouri .
It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis The current alderman for Ward 11 is Thomas Albert Villa .
Ward 11 contains parts of many neighborhoods , including Carondelet , Patch , Holly Hills , Boulevard Heights , and Mount Pleasant .

Ward 12 , St. Louis City
Ward 12 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis , Missouri .
It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis The current alderman for Ward 12 is Larry Arnowitz .
Ward 12 contains parts of many neighborhoods , including Boulevard Heights , Princeton Heights , and St. Louis Hills .

Ward 13 , St. Louis City
Ward 13 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis , Missouri .
It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis .
The current alderman for Ward 13 is Beth Murphy , who in 2014 succeeded Alfred Wessels , Jr. after 28 years in the position .
Ward 13 contains parts of many neighborhoods , including Carondelet , Holly Hills , Boulevard Heights , Bevo Mill , Princeton Heights , Southampton , and Dutchtown .

Solar eclipse of July 24 , 2074
An annular solar eclipse will occur on July 24 , 2074 .
A solar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes between Earth and the Sun , thereby totally or partly obscuring the image of the Sun for a viewer on Earth .
An annular solar eclipse occurs when the Moon 's apparent diameter is smaller than the Sun 's , blocking most of the Sun 's light and causing the Sun to look like an annulus ( ring ) .
An annular eclipse appears as a partial eclipse over a region of the Earth thousands of kilometres wide .

Algebra Colloquium
Algebra Colloquium is a journal founded in 1994 .
It was initially published by Springer-Verlag Hong Kong Ltd. In 2005 , from volume 12 onwards , publishing rights were taken over by World Scientific .
The company now publishes the journal quarterly .
The journal is jointly - edited by the Chinese Academy of Sciences and Soochow University .
The journal mainly covers the field of pure and applied algebra .

Ward 14 , St. Louis City
Ward 14 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis , Missouri .
It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis The current alderman for Ward 14 is Carol Howard .
Ward 14 contains parts of many neighborhoods , including Bevo Mill , Princeton Heights , Southampton , and Tower Grove South .

Solar eclipse of July 13 , 2075
An annular solar eclipse will occur on July 13 , 2075 .
A solar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes between Earth and the Sun , thereby totally or partly obscuring the image of the Sun for a viewer on Earth .
An annular solar eclipse occurs when the Moon 's apparent diameter is smaller than the Sun 's , blocking most of the Sun 's light and causing the Sun to look like an annulus ( ring ) .
An annular eclipse appears as a partial eclipse over a region of the Earth thousands of kilometres wide .

Ward 15 , St. Louis City
Ward 15 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis , Missouri .
It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis The current alderman for Ward 15 is Megan Green .
Ward 15 contains parts of many neighborhoods , including Tower Grove South , Dutchtown , Gravois Park , Tower Grove East , and Benton Park West .

Kanpur Memorial Church
The Kanpur Memorial Church , originally called the All Souls ' Cathedral is a church in Kanpur , India .
It was built in 1875 in honour of the British who lost their lives during the Siege of Cawnpore ( 1857 ) .
Location .
The church is situated on Albert Lane near Cawnpore Club in Kanpur Cantonment .
It is situated in heart of the Cantonment .
Architecture .
The Church was designed by Walter Granville , architect of east Bengal Railway .
The complete church in Lombardic Gothic style is attractively executed in bright red brick with polychrome dressings .
To the east of the church is the Memorial Garden which can be approached through two gateways .
It has handsome carved gothic screen designed by Henry Yule .
Its centre is occupied by the beautiful carved figure of an angel by Baron Carlo Marochetti , with crossed arms , holding palons i.e. symbols of peace .

Ward 16 , St. Louis City
Ward 16 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis , Missouri .
It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis The current alderman for Ward 16 is Donna Baringer .
Ward 16 contains parts of many neighborhoods , including Princeton Heights , Southampton , St. Louis Hills , and Lindenwood Park .

Solar eclipse of July 1 , 2076
A partial solar eclipse will occur on July 1 , 2076 .

Ward 17 , St. Louis City
Ward 17 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis , Missouri .
It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis The current alderman for Ward 17 is Joseph D. Roddy .
Ward 17 contains parts of many neighborhoods , including Shaw , Botanical Heights , Tiffany , Midtown , Central West End , Forest Park Southeast , Kings Oak , and Cheltenham .

Ward 18 , St. Louis City
Ward 18 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis , Missouri .
It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis The current alderman for Ward 18 is Terry Kennedy .
Ward 18 contains parts of many neighborhoods , including Central West End , Academy , Kingsway West , Fountain Park , Lewis Place , Kingsway East , and Vandeventer .

Ward 19 , St. Louis City
Ward 19 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis , Missouri .
It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis The current alderman for Ward 19 is Marlene Davis .
Ward 19 contains parts of many neighborhoods , including Tiffany , The Gate District , Midtown , Vandeventer , JeffVanderLou , Covenant Blu / Grand Center , and Compton Heights .

Old Town Cemetery ( Claiborne Parish , Louisiana )
Old Town Cemetery in Claiborne Parish , Louisiana is a cemetery south of Haynesville , Louisiana .

Ward 20 , St. Louis City
Ward 20 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis , Missouri .
It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis The current alderwoman for Ward 20 is Cara Spencer .
Ward 20 contains parts of many neighborhoods , including Dutchtown , Marine Villa , Gravois Park , and Benton Park West .

Iona Tuskiya
Iona Tuskiya ( 1901–1963 ) was a Soviet composer from Georgia SSR .
He composed music for various movies , such as Caucusian Love in 1928 .
In 1943 , he along with several other composers , had entries for a contest to find out what song should be chosen as the National Anthem of the Soviet Union ; the contest was eventually won by Alexander Alexandrov .

Ward 22 , St. Louis City
Ward 22 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis , Missouri .
It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis The current alderman for Ward 22 is Jeffrey Boyd .
Ward 22 contains parts of many neighborhoods , including West End , Wells / Goodfellow , Mark Twain/I-70 Industrial , and Hamilton Heights .

Solar eclipse of January 27 , 2074
An annular solar eclipse will occur on January 27 , 2074 .
A solar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes between Earth and the Sun , thereby totally or partly obscuring the image of the Sun for a viewer on Earth .
An annular solar eclipse occurs when the Moon 's apparent diameter is smaller than the Sun 's , blocking most of the Sun 's light and causing the Sun to look like an annulus ( ring ) .
An annular eclipse appears as a partial eclipse over a region of the Earth thousands of kilometres wide .

Ward 23 , St. Louis City
Ward 23 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis , Missouri .
It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis The current alderman for Ward 23 is Joe Vaccaro .
Ward 23 contains parts of many neighborhoods , including Lindenwood Park , Ellendale , Clifton Heights , and North Hampton .

UAAP Season 72 volleyball tournaments
Men 's tournament .
Semifinals .
UST vs. UP . !
colspan=10 | " UST wins series in one game " FEU vs. Ateneo . !
colspan=10 | " FEU wins series in one game " Finals . !
colspan=10 | " UST wins series 2–0 " Women 's tournament .
Elimination round .
Results .
Semifinals .
La Salle vs. Adamson . !
colspan=10 | " La Salle wins series in one game " UST vs. Ateneo . !
colspan=10 | " UST wins series in one game " Finals . !
colspan=10 | " UST wins series 2-0 "

Ward 24 , St. Louis City
Ward 24 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis , Missouri .
It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis The current alderman for Ward 24 is Scott Ogilvie , elected in April 2011 .
Ward 24 contains parts of many neighborhoods , including Lindenwood Park , Ellendale , Clifton Heights , The Hill , Southwest Garden , North Hampton , Cheltenham , Clayton / Tamm , Franz Park , and Hi-Pointe .

Ward 25 , St. Louis City
Ward 25 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis , Missouri , USA .
It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis The alderman for Ward 25 is Shane Cohn .
Ward 25 contains parts of many neighborhoods , including Carondelet , Dutchtown , and Mount Pleasant .

Solar eclipse of January 6 , 2076
A total solar eclipse will occur on January 6 , 2076 .
A solar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes between Earth and the Sun , thereby totally or partly obscuring the image of the Sun for a viewer on Earth .
A total solar eclipse occurs when the Moon 's apparent diameter is larger than the Sun 's , blocking all direct sunlight , turning day into darkness .
Totality occurs in a narrow path across Earth 's surface , with the partial solar eclipse visible over a surrounding region thousands of kilometres wide .

Ward 26 , St. Louis City
Ward 26 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis , Missouri .
It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis The current alderman for Ward 26 is Frank Williamson .
Ward 26 contains parts of many neighborhoods , including Skinker / DeBaliviere , DeBaliviere Place , West End , Visitation Park , Wells / Goodfellow , Academy , Kingsway West , and Hamilton Heights .

Ward 27 , St. Louis City
Ward 27 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis , Missouri .
It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis The current alderman for Ward 27 is Chris Carter .
Ward 27 contains parts of many neighborhoods , including Walnut Park East , North Point , Baden , and Walnut Park West .

Ward 28 , St. Louis City
Ward 28 is an aldermanic ward in St. Louis , Missouri .
It is one of 28 wards that make up the Board of Aldermen of the City of St. Louis The current alderman for Ward 28 is Lyda Krewson .
Ward 28 contains parts of many neighborhoods , including Central West End , Hi-Pointe , Wydown / Skinker , Skinker / DeBaliviere , DeBaliviere Place , and West End .

Solar eclipse of June 1 , 2076
A partial solar eclipse will occur on June 1 , 2076 .

Zen ( 2009 film )
" Zen " is a 2009 film directed by Banmei Takahashi and starring Nakamura Kantarō II as Dogen , and Yuki Uchida as Orin .
The film is a biography of Dōgen Zenji ( 道元禅師 ) ( 19 January 1200 – 22 September 1253 ) , a Japanese Zen Buddhist teacher .
After travelling to China to study , Dogen founded the Sōtō school of Zen in Japan .

Solar eclipse of May 22 , 2077
A total solar eclipse will occur on May 22 , 2077 .
A solar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes between Earth and the Sun , thereby totally or partly obscuring the image of the Sun for a viewer on Earth .
A total solar eclipse occurs when the Moon 's apparent diameter is larger than the Sun 's , blocking all direct sunlight , turning day into darkness .
Totality occurs in a narrow path across Earth 's surface , with the partial solar eclipse visible over a surrounding region thousands of kilometres wide .

Solar eclipse of May 1 , 2079
A total solar eclipse will occur on May 1 , 2079 .
A solar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes between Earth and the Sun , thereby totally or partly obscuring the image of the Sun for a viewer on Earth .
A total solar eclipse occurs when the Moon 's apparent diameter is larger than the Sun 's , blocking all direct sunlight , turning day into darkness .
Totality occurs in a narrow path across Earth 's surface , with the partial solar eclipse visible over a surrounding region thousands of kilometres wide .
The eclipse will be visible in Greenland , parts of eastern Canada ( including Newfoundland and Labrador , New Brunswick , Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island ) and parts of the northeastern United States ( including Maine , New Hampshire , Vermont , Connecticut , Rhode Island , Massachusetts , New York , Pennsylvania and New Jersey ) .

Solar eclipse of November 26 , 2076
A partial solar eclipse will occur on November 26 , 2076 .

Loveholic ( manga )
is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Toko Kawai .
It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing , which released the first volume through its imprint , Juné , on 14 March 2007 , and the second volume on 16 December 2008 .
Reception .
" Publishers Weekly " finds the characters " three dimensional " in comparison to other yaoi protagonists , and appreciates that they have interests outside of each other , which makes " Loveholic " " seem more like a story , less like killing time until they get together " .
Julie Rosato , writing for Mania Entertainment , described the first volume as " a story full of subtleties " , and appreciated the " flawed " characters who " grow " in the second volume .
Leroy Douresseaux , writing for the Comic Book Bin , praised Kawai 's " impressive range of facial expressions " .

Solar eclipse of November 4 , 2078
An annular solar eclipse will occur on November 4 , 2078 .
A solar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes between Earth and the Sun , thereby totally or partly obscuring the image of the Sun for a viewer on Earth .
An annular solar eclipse occurs when the Moon 's apparent diameter is smaller than the Sun 's , blocking most of the Sun 's light and causing the Sun to look like an annulus ( ring ) .
An annular eclipse appears as a partial eclipse over a region of the Earth thousands of kilometres wide .

Solar eclipse of October 24 , 2079
An annular solar eclipse will occur on October 24 , 2079 .
A solar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes between Earth and the Sun , thereby totally or partly obscuring the image of the Sun for a viewer on Earth .
An annular solar eclipse occurs when the Moon 's apparent diameter is smaller than the Sun 's , blocking most of the Sun 's light and causing the Sun to look like an annulus ( ring ) .
An annular eclipse appears as a partial eclipse over a region of the Earth thousands of kilometres wide .

Charlie Brown ( Australian footballer )
Charlie Brown ( 30 April 1896 - 9 April 1956 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Brown played as a defender over eight seasons for Collingwood in the VFL .
In his second season , Brown won a premiership with Collingwood in their Grand Final win over Fitzroy .
Brown is not to be confused with another Charlie Brown who played 12 games with Carlton in 1898 .

Niccolò Acciaioli
Niccolò Acciaioli or Acciaiuoli ( 1310 – 8 November 1365 ) was an Italian noble , a member of the Florentine banking family of the Acciaioli .
He was the grand seneschal of the Kingdom of Naples and count of Melfi , Malta , and Gozo in the mid - fourteenth century .
He was the son of Acciaiolo , a wealthy Florentine merchant .
He had a sister by the name of Andrea Acciaioli .
Life .
Niccolò was sent to Naples by his father in 1331 and there he rose in influence and power under King Robert and the exiled Empress Catherine II of Constantinople .
The king made him a knight and gave him the title of Grand Seneschal .
Likewise , Catherine and her children granted him and his family many estates in the Morea .
It was said openly that Catherine and he were lovers .
He assisted Catherine 's son Louis of Taranto in reconquering the Principality of Achaea and , on 23 April 1358 , he was appointed lord and castellan of Corinth and eight other fiefs in the remnant of the Latin Empire in Greece by the emperor Robert II .
He was present at the marriage between Robert 's daughter , Joan I , and Louis and after the latter 's death ( 1362 ) , he struggled against the rebellious barons who sought to overthrow Joan and supported Louis I of Hungary .
A lover of art and letters , he was a friend and protector of Petrarch and Boccaccio .
In 1362 , the latter was his guest at Naples .
In a preserved letter from himself to his cousin Angelo Acciaiuoli Senior , the bishop of Florence , he defended himself against the charges levelled at him by his opponents , giving unique insight into his character and that of 14th - century Italian politics .
He left four sons : Lorenzino , Angelo , Lorenzo , and Benedetto .
He was succeeded in his titles and holdings by his son Angelo , who made his cousins vicars of his Greek estates .
He was buried in the Certosa del Galluzzo which he himself had built in Florence .
The famous Florentine writer and historian Matteo Palmieri wrote a biography of him , which was translated into Italian by Donato Acciaioli .

List of Illinois State University alumni
This is a list of Illinois State University alumni who are notable enough to warrant an article in Wikipedia .
The list is organized by general fields of achievement .

Gopalpur massacre
Gopalpur Massacre was a massacre committed by the invading Pakistani occupation army during Bangladesh liberation war of 1971 .
The barbaric and inhuman carnage took place at Gopalpur municipality of Lalpur Upazila , Natore on 5 May 1971 .
The victims of the massacre were the Bengali freedom fighters and their local supporters .
Background .
After the declaration of Emergency in March , Pakistan Army was given the task of seeking West Pakistani ’s working in far flung areas of East Pakistan and evacuating them to Dhaka and Chittagong .
A batch of Pakistani soldiers led my Major Aslam , Capt. Raja and a Sepoy with a list of West Pakistani ’s working in Gopalpur reached the house of North Bengal Sugar Mills Administrator Anwarul Azim .
The soldiers were particularly looking for Mr. Hassan working with the Sugar Mills and Mr. Syed Ale Imran working for Pak PWD Workshop .
Unfortunately for the soldiers the people they were seeking had left the area a couple of months back .
Administrator Azim welcomed the party of soldiers , but secretly called in the Mukti Bahani , who closed the gates and tortured the three soldiers to death .
Massacre .
The Pakistani army headquarter at Rajshahi dispatched a force by land .
The army quickly took control of Pabna , Ishwardi and Natore .
On the 5th of May , around 10 am , the army reached Gopalpur and captured the sugar mill , a Bengali stronghold .
Around 49 people , most of whom were the employees of the mill and part of Mukhti Bahani , were rounded up and interrogated .
A local collaborator Monjur Iman , also a worker of the Mill , assisted the soldiers in identification of the conspirators .
The leader of the conspirators , Administrator Anwarul Azim was captured .
He was shot down along with 49 members of Mukhti Bahani and their sympathizers .
Only 5 out of the 49 captives : Abdul Jalil Sikdar , Khorshed Alam , Abul Hossain , Emaduddin and Injil Sarkar survived the carnage .
All the bodies of the conspirators were dumped into the pond .
After the war , the pond was named " Shaheed Sagar " ( The sea of martyrs ) .
Gopalpur Railway Station was named " Azim Nagar Station " in memory of Anwarul Azim .

Augusts Vilis Abakuks
Augusts Vilis Abakuks ( December 12 , 1914 – February 13 , 1994 ) was a Latvian government official and émigré activist .
During World War II he served as deputy head of the local government for Abrene district in German-occupied Latvia from 1943 to 1944 .
After the War , he went to England , and from 1950 to 1985 served as the founder and chairman of the Latvian National Council in Great Britain .
He died in 1994 .

Bank holidays in India
A bank holiday in India is a public holiday which is declared specially for the Banks and other Financial Institutions .
Not all public holidays are classified as Bank Holidays .
Bank Holidays are declared by Central / State Governments / Union Territory under the Negotiable Instruments ( NI ) Act , 1881 .
India is a multicultural and multireligious society and celebrates holidays and festivals of various religions .
So in addition to the national holidays , many states and regions have local festivals depending on religious and linguistic demographics .
The State Governments declare the public holidays for each year .

The American Journal of Chinese Medicine
The American Journal of Chinese Medicine is published by World Scientific and covers topics relating to alternative medicine of all cultures , such as traditional Chinese medicine , including acupuncture .
It was established in 1973 by Frederick F. Kao .
Journal contents .
The journal only publishes papers following the Declaration of Helsinki and the " Guiding Principles and Procedures of the Massachusetts General Hospital on Human Studies , 1970 .
" In particular emphasis is placed on the following areas : Abstracting and indexing .
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Biological Abstracts , Current Contents / Clinical Medicine , Science Citation Index Expanded , and Index Medicus .

Jack Green ( footballer born 1887 )
Jack W. Green ( 28 August 1887 - 6 May 1963 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong and Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Green played two games for Geelong in 1908 .
After two seasons out of the VFL , Green played a further eight seasons for Collingwood from 1911–1918 .
Green played in four Grand Finals for Collingwood , including the 1917 win against Fitzroy .
Green is one of four Jack Green 's to have played VFL/AFL football .
He is not to be confused with ;

Madagascar mangroves
The Madagascar mangroves are a coastal ecoregion , in the mangrove forest aquatic biome , of mangrove swamps in rivers and estuaries in Madagascar , mainly on the west coast .
Location and description .
The mangrove swamps are located in flat coastal areas where the ocean tides wash salt water high into the mouths of rivers which are bringing nutrient-rich soil down to the coast .
For mangroves to thrive there also needs to be some natural feature such as hilly terrain or a coral reef to shelter the coast from ocean storms and the monsoons .
In Madagascar they are mostly found on the more sheltered west coast and the largest areas are in the estuaries of the Betsiboka River ( in Bombetoka Bay near the city of Mahajanga ) , Besalampy , and the Mahajamba , North Mahavavy and South Mahavavy Rivers , and near Maintirano .
As well as being home to a rich variety of birds and fish the swamps also hold river estuaries in place and prevent river mud being washed into the sea and thus suffocating coastal coral reefs .
The climate is warm all along the coast but more humid in the north .
Flora .
The mangrove trees found in Madagascar are mainly rhizophoras , ( " rhizopora mucronata " , black mangrove " bruguiera gymnorrhiza " and " ceriops tagal " ) , white mangrove ( " avicennia marina " ) , and donneratias ( " donneratia alba " ) and " ( lumnitzera racemosa ) " .
The mangrove trees are host to other plants such as ferns and mosses .
There are some endemic plant species .
Fauna .
Mangrove swamps , here in Madagascar and around the world , are an important habitat for wildlife , they are a vital breeding ground for many species of fish and a feeding place for migratory birds .
The waters of the Madagascar mangroves are rich in fish and other sea creatures such as molluscs , crabs , which in turn are food to waterbirds , and animals such as crocodiles , green turtle " ( chelonia mydas ) " , hawksbill turtle " ( eretmochelys imbricata ) " , and dugongs .
Birds include waterbirds such as African spoonbill , great egret , sakalava rail and grey heron , and birds of the forest such as olive bee - eaters .
Much of this wildlife is endemic to Madagascar .
The many fish found in the waters include mullet , serranidae , carangidae , halfbeak , plectorhinchus and elops machnata Threats and preservation .
Mangroves are vulnerable to clearance for timber , urban expansion , agriculture such as rice growing , industrial development and for dumping of sewage including salt - panning and shrimp cultivation .
Urban areas near the mangroves include Tulear , Mahajanga , Maintirano and Morondava .
The waters are over - fished .
Protected areas exist , in either National Parks or through locally managed marine areas ( LMMA ) .

Harold Ellis ( professor )
Harold Ellis CBE FRCS ( born 13 January 1926 in London , England ) was an Emeritus Professor of Surgery in the University of London and most recently a professor in the Department of Anatomy & Human Sciences at the King 's College London School of Medicine .
He qualified as a doctor from the University of Oxford in July 1948 , the same month the National Health Service began .
From 1950-51 he undertook national service as a Captain in the Royal Army Medical Corps , afterwards continuing his training as a surgical registrar in London , Sheffield and Oxford before taking up a post as Senior Lecturer in the University of London .
In 1962 , he took up the foundation chair of surgery at the Westminster Hospital , a post which he held until his retirement from practice in 1989 .
After a stint teaching anatomy in the University of Cambridge , he took up his present position in 1993 .
Harold Ellis is one of the most notable British surgeons of the past fifty years , renowned both for his inspirational teaching and as the author of the definitive student textbook " Clinical Anatomy " , now in its thirteenth edition .
He held positions as a Vice-President of the Royal College of Surgeons of England and of the Royal Society of Medicine and was president of the British Association of Surgical Oncology .
In 1986 he delivered the Bradshaw Lecture on the subject of breast cancer .
The Professor Harold Ellis Medical Student Prize For Surgery is named after him , and has been awarded by the Royal College of Surgeons since 2007 .
The " International Journal of Surgery " has awarded the Harold Ellis Prize in Surgery annually since 2003 .

Arnovo Selo
Arnovo Selo ( ; , in older sources also " Arnova Sela " , ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
It lies in the hills north of the town of Brežice .
The area was traditionally part of Styria .
It is now included in the Lower Sava Statistical Region .

Edward McNamara
Edward James McNamara ( August 13 , 1884 - November 10 , 1944 ) was a Broadway and Hollywood actor .
Biography .
He was born on August 13 , 1884 in Paterson , New Jersey .
He sang while a police officer in Paterson , New Jersey .
His Broadway career started in 1926 , and his Hollywood career started in 1929 .
He died in 1944 shortly after filming " Arsenic and Old Lace " .

Analysis and Applications
Analysis and Applications is a journal covering mathematical analysis and its application to the physical and biological sciences and engineering .
It was first published in 2003 by World Scientific .
The journal aims " to encourage the development of new techniques and results in applied analysis " .
Abstracting and indexing .
The journal is abstracted and indexed in :

Standards ( Sonny Clark album )
Standards is a 1998 compilation album by jazz pianist Sonny Clark recorded for the Blue Note label and performed by Clark with Jymie Merritt or Paul Chambers , and Wes Landers , combining sessions previously released as " The Art of The Trio " and " Blues in the Night " .
The album was awarded 3 stars by Stephen Thomas Erlewine in an Allmusic review which stated " Although some of the performances are a little brief , limiting his opportunity to solo , " Standards " is a lovely collection of beautiful music that 's a welcome addition to Clark 's catalog " .
Track listing .
" Recorded on November 16 ( #8-14 ) and December 7 ( #1-7 ) , 1958 . "

Georgia State Route 64
State Route 64 ( SR 64 ) is a state highway that runs southwest - to - northeast through portions of Berrien , Lanier , Atkinson , and Coffee counties in the south-central part of the U.S. state of Georgia .
The route connects Ray City with Wilsonville .
Route description .
SR 64 begins at an intersection with US 129 /SR 11 /SR 37 in Ray City .
It heads to the north - northeast , through rural areas of Berrien County .
The road then enters Lanier County .
It begins a concurrency with SR 135 just before crossing back into Berrien County .
Less than after crossing the county line , they intersect SR 168 .
SR 64 and SR 168 run concurrent to the east .
The two routes cross over the Alapaha River back into Lanier County .
Less than later , SR 64 then departs from the concurrency to the northeast and goes through rural areas of the county before it enters Atkinson County .
A short distance into the county , it intersects US 221 /SR 31 .
The three routes head concurrent to the northeast .
Just before entering Pearson , US 441/SR 89 intersect the concurrency , with US 441 joining it .
In Pearson , the four highways intersect US 82 /SR 520 .
SR 64 turns to the right onto US 82 /SR 520 .
The three highways have a very brief concurrency to the east - southeast .
The road splits off to the northeast and runs along the Atkinson – Coffee county line .
A short distance later , it slips back into Atkinson County proper for about and then runs along the county line again .
SR 64 heads to the north for a few miles before meeting its northern terminus , an intersection with SR 158 in Wilsonville .
SR 64 is not part of the National Highway System , a system of roadways important to the nation 's economy , defense , and mobility .

Kunyu Quantu
The Kunyu Quantu ( ) , or Full Map of the World , was a map of the world developed by Jesuit father Ferdinand Verbiest during his mission in China in 1674 .
A copy is in the Hunterian Museum .
The map follows the earlier works of Matteo Ricci , such as the " Kunyu Wanguo Quantu " .

Havana , Oregon
Havana is an unincorporated community in Umatilla County , Oregon , United States , 9 miles northeast of Pendleton on Wildhorse Creek .
This Union Pacific Railroad station is near the junction of Oregon Route 335 — known as the Havana - Helix Highway — with Oregon Route 11 , about 9 miles south of Helix .
Its elevation is 1312 feet ( 400 m ) .

Naphtha flare
Most naphtha flare lamps are forerunners of the nowadays widely known high pressure paraffin lamps such as Coleman , Tilley and Petromax , They were invented around 1830 and widely used by showmen , market - stall holders , and circuses until World War I , although some were still in use in London markets such as Queens Road up to and during World War II .
Naphtha ( a hydrocarbon ) became available as a by-product when town gas was produced from coal .
A flare lamp is gravity fed and the fuel evaporates in the preheated burner .
The fuel line runs through the burner and when the burner reaches the temperature of everything between 80 and 100 degrees Celsius the naphtha evaporates and gives a flame after the tap is opened .
In case the flame goes out , for example by strong wind , the tank runs dry , resulting in a puddle of hydrocarbon on the floor , providing the tap is not closed .
Fueltank : Tin Fuelline : Brass Tap : Casting Burner : Casting with steel inserts

Bell Tower Hotel
Bell Tower Hotel is a 4 star hotel in Xian , China .
It located right in the heart of the city , opposite the well known Bell Tower and the newly built Bell & Drum Tower Square .
One can find many historical sites within walking distance from the hotel .
History .
Bell Tower , originally built in the 17th year of Hongwu reign in Ming dynasty with more than 600 years ’ history , stands in the center of Ancient Xi’an City .
Jingyun Bell was originally cast in the 2nd year of Jingyun reign of Emperor Taizong in Tang dynasty ; it is 2m high with diameter of 1.5m and weighs about 5000 kg. The flying crane and twisting dragon are engraved on the surface of bell and the melodious bell can reach more than 10 miles ’ distance .
which not only reflects hundreds of years ’ history , but also deserves to be the symbol of Xi’an .
According to the old legend , the hotel named Bell Tower Hotel .
Rewards .
The Bell Tower Hotel is prized as the “ Golden Key Service Diamond Award ” and honor title of the “ Sincere Service Team Cooperation Award ” granted by the Golden Key Hotels of the World .

Heaven 's in Here
" Heaven 's in Here " is the lead track from the eponymous debut album by the band Tin Machine .
Written by David Bowie , it was released in 1989 .
This was the first song the band wrote and recorded together , coming together in about one day .
Chart performance . Single

Southern Africa mangroves
The Southern Africa mangroves are an ecoregion of mangrove swamps in rivers and estuaries on the eastern coast of South Africa .
Location and description .
These mangroves grow in the mouths of rivers on the Indian Ocean coast of South Africa , where the sea is warmed by the Mozambique Current , in many cases they are further sheltered from the ocean by sandbanks .
The largest areas are in the estuaries of the Mhlathuze and St Lucia Rivers and mangroves can be found as far south as the Nahoon River , the most southerly occurrence of mangroves in Africa and therefore an important ecoregion .
Fauna .
The mangroves are an important habitat for sea life , birds and animals such as turtles and crocodiles .
Sea life includes fiddler crabs , mud crab " ( Scylla serrata ) " , mudskippers , " ( Periophthalmus kalolo ) " and many species of sea snails and sea slugs .
Resident species of birds including the endangered Mangrove kingfisher " ( Halcyon senegaloides ) " .
The mangroves are also visited by large numbers of migratory bird species .
Fish also use this for mating grounds .
Threats and preservation .
Many areas of mangrove in southern Africa have been cleared for timber , urban and industrial development , including tourist facilities , and this is ongoing .
Further damage to habitats is caused by pollution of rivers , while forest clearance inland causes rivers to bring down larger quantities of soils and the rivers and estuaries to be blocked .
Protected areas include Beachwood Mangroves Nature Reserve near Durban and iSimangaliso Wetland Park ( formerly " Greater St Lucia Wetland Park " ) .

Vörehult
Vörehult is a small village in Kalmar Municipality , Kalmar County , Sweden .
It has 9 inhabitants .

Someone Loves You Honey
" Someone Loves You Honey " is a song written by Don Devaney , and recorded by American country music artist Charley Pride .
It was released in January 1978 as the second single and title track from the album " Someone Loves You Honey " .
The song was Charley Pride 's twentieth number one on the country chart .
The single stayed at number one for two weeks and spent a total of twelve weeks on the country chart .
June Lodge recorded a version of the song in 1980 , which became the best-selling single of 1982 in the Netherlands .

Asian Case Research Journal
The Asian Case Research Journal provides a compilation of original cases on Asian companies and MNCs operating in Asia - Pacific .
The journal was founded in 1997 .
Cases in the journal are decisional or illustrative , covering a wide range of business disciplines , from Marketing to Management Information Systems .
Abstracting and indexing .
The journal is abstracted and indexed in :

Nagy - Milic
Nagy - Milic in Hungarian , or Veľký Milič in Slovak , is the highest peak of the Hungarian part of the Zemplén Mountains , which is part of the Carpathian Mountains .
The mountain is situated on the border of Hungary and Slovakia .
It is 894 metres tall and is near the northernmost point of Hungary .

Love Is the Foundation ( song )
" Love Is the Foundation " is the title track from the 1973 album by Loretta Lynn .
" Love Is the Foundation " , written by William Cody Hall , was Lynn 's seventh number one on the U.S. country singles chart as a solo artist .
The single stayed at number one for two weeks and spent a total of thirteen weeks on the chart .

Mi Vida Eres Tú ( album )
Mi Vida Eres Tú ( Eng: " You 're My Life " ) is a studio album released by the Mexican romantic ensemble Los Temerarios .
It was nominated for Regional Mexican Album of the Year at the Lo Nuestro Awards of 1993 .

1924 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team
The 1924 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team was the representative of the University of Nebraska in the 1924 college football season .
The team was coached by Fred Dawson and played their home games at Memorial Stadium in Lincoln , Nebraska .
Before the season .
Despite a bit of a performance dropoff last season , compared to 1921 and 1922 , Nebraska was still riding on a wave of success : Three straight conference titles , two straight defeats of Notre Dame 's Four Horsemen ( which were also Notre Dame 's only losses over the past two seasons ) , and a modern , new stadium to play their games in .
Coach Dawson was returning for his fourth year , which met or exceeded the length of tenure of all but two of the fifteen coaches preceding him .
Game notes .
Illinois .
Nebraska brought Big 10 co-champion Illinois to Lincoln with aims to make up for losing in Champaign last year .
The game plan focused on stopping Red Grange , who ran all over the Cornhuskers for three touchdowns last year .
The plan was a success , and Grange was mostly neutralized .
Both teams scored early before shutting each other down , and the 6-6 tie continued until late in the fourth quarter .
Finally , Illinois managed a field goal to escape Lincoln with a narrow victory , and narrowed the gap in their series with Nebraska to 2-4 .
Oklahoma .
The Cornhuskers still had some confidence coming into this game , after the strong showing against the powerhouse Illinois team last week and being perfect against Oklahoma in every game played between the squads .
The Sooners were the better prepared team this day , however , shutting down every aspect of Nebraska 's efforts and going ahead 14-0 by the half .
The Cornhuskers tried to recover later in the game but could only come up with 7 , and dropped their first game ever to Oklahoma in five meetings .
Colgate .
Nebraska was awakened by the stunning loss to Oklahoma and came to life when Colgate came calling at Memorial Stadium as one of the season 's eastern opponents .
The Raiders were outplayed and outclassed in nearly every aspect of the game , and the Cornhuskers sent Colgate home in disappointment .
This was the only game ever played between these programs .
Kansas .
One of the oldest series in Nebraska history was continued when the Cornhuskers arrived in Lawrence to battle the Jayhawks .
For the entire first half , both teams held each other off , but Kansas finally was overcome in the second half .
The string of frustration that Kansas had endured , never yet winning a home game against Nebraska , was continued yet another year as Kansas fell farther behind in the series to 9-20-2 .
Missouri .
In one of the most challenging games of the season , Nebraska battled back from an early deficit to topple Missouri in Lincoln .
The Cornhuskers struggled with the Missouri onslaught for most of the first half but somehow kept the Tigers from putting much on the scoreboard for the rest of the game while tacking on some touchdowns of their own .
Although the Tigers went on to win the conference championship , the Cornhuskers were able to lay claim to being the only conference team to hand Missouri a loss , which extended Nebraska 's series lead to 14-3-1 .
Notre Dame .
The series between these teams was becoming legendary , and Knute Rockne 's unbeaten Fighting Irish had been waiting all year to avenge their only two losses of the previous two season , both delivered by Nebraska .
It was the final season for the Four Horsemen of Notre Dame , and Nebraska was the one trophy they had yet to win .
Initially it appeared to the Fighting Irish that Nebraska still had their number , as the Cornhuskers jumped to a 6-0 lead in the first quarter .
Following that score , however , Notre Dame focused on shutting down star tackle Ed Weir in order to put points up , and the plan worked as they were able to score 34 straight unanswered points to end Nebraska 's winning streak and finally grant the Horsemen a win against the only team ever to defeat them in their entire college careers .
Notre Dame once again took the series lead , 5-4-1 .
Rockne was highly complimentary of the Nebraska effort and even visited the Nebraska locker room following the game to shower praise on the disappointed Weir , but publicly tensions were beginning to rise as Notre Dame officials reported inappropriate treatment and an anti-Catholic sentiment displayed by the Nebraska locals .
Kansas State .
The Cornhuskers bounced right back from the trouncing delivered by Notre Dame , as they easily handled Kansas State in Manhattan and held them to no points on the day .
The Aggies attempted to find success by emulating the playing styles used by the Fighting Irish to success against Nebraska to no avail , and remained winless in all nine games played between these teams .
Oregon State .
Oregon State traveled a great distance for this Thanksgiving Day contest , and put up quite a fight against the Cornhuskers .
After three quarters , both teams still stood without a score , but Nebraska finally broke through in the fourth quarter and managed two touchdowns to silence the visitors , holding them scoreless until the end .
This was the second time these teams had met , the previous contest a 1916 game in Portland , both victories for Nebraska .
After the season .
Nebraska and Missouri both ended the season with just a single loss in conference play , and Missouri 's only conference loss was dealt to them by the Cornhuskers , however Missouri played more conference games on the season and collected five league wins compared to Nebraska 's three , resulting in Missouri claiming the conference title for 1924 .
Coach Dawson 's final season with Nebraska brought his four-year record to 23-7-2 ( .750 ) , a bit of a disappointment from his first two seasons that each had a winning percentage of .875 , but his tenure was nonetheless one of a winning coach .
The program 's record fell to 197-67-17 ( .734 ) , and the conference record fell to 38-4-4 ( .870 ) .
Nebraska soon found a new coach , hiring assistant Ernest Bearg from Illinois , who had defeated Nebraska in this and the previous season under the leadership of Robert Zuppke .

Sergio Cabrera
Sergio Moises Cabrera Diaz ( born February 17 , 1985 ) is a male swimmer from Paraguay .
He was the nation 's only swimming competitor at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece , where he ended up in 35th place in the men 's 200 metres butterfly event .

Marwan Habash
Marwan Habash ( born in 1938 ) is a Syrian politician and writer .
He was a member of the Regional Command of the Baath Party in Syria and Minister of Industry in the government of Salah Jadid .
Following a successful coup d' etat against Jadid 's leadership in 1970 , Habash was imprisoned along with others perceived to be Jadid loyalists .
One of the world 's longest-held political prisoners , he was released in 1993 .
He has since become a writer and public analyst .
Early career .
Born in Jubata ez-Zeit in the Golan Heights , Habash was a member of the Regional Command for the Ba'ath Party between August 1965 and November 1970 .
Habash also served as the Minister of Front Line Villages Affairs and the Minister of Industry in the government of Salah Jadid .
When the Ba'ath Party split , Habash belonged to the faction that remained loyal to the National Command based in Iraq .
Imprisonment .
When followers of then Defense Minister Hafez al-Assad launched a coup d' etat against the Jadid 's leadership over the government in 1970 , Jadid and his loyalists ( among whose number Habash was counted ) , known as the " February 23 Movement " , were imprisoned in November and December of that year in al-Mezze military prison in Damascus .
Over the course of his 23 - year detention , Habash was tortured by some of his former party colleagues , including Naji Jamil , ' Adnan Dabbagh , ' Ali al-Madani , and Ali Duba .
He was released by order of President Hafez al-Assad in 1993 .
Writings and public analyses .
Habash published more than 50 articles , covering some 300 pages , that detailed his experiences as a political prisoner , and covered part of the history of the Ba'ath movement in Syria prior to his imprisonment in " Kulluna Shuraka ' fi al-Watan " , and other Arabic-language media , between 2002 and 2009 .
Among these articles were : " Harakat 23 Shubat … al-Dawa'i wa al-Asbab " ( " The 23 February Movement , its Motives and Reasons " ) , " Muhawalat ' Usyan al-Ra'id Salim Hatum fi al-Suwayda ' Yawm 8 Aylul 1966 " ( " The Revolt Attempt of Major Salim Hatum in al-Suwayda ' on 8 September 1966 " ) , and " Harb Huzayran : al-Muqaddimat wa al-Waqa'i " ( " The June War : its Preludes and Facts " ) .
In 2002 , Habash was summoned for questioning by Syrian intelligence agents after publishing an article calling for the strengthening of civil society in Syria .

Blood Red and Goin ' Down
" Blood Red and Goin ' Down " is a song written by Curly Putman , and performed by American country music artist Tanya Tucker .
It was released in July 1973 as the second single from Tucker 's album " What 's Your Mama 's Name " .
The single was Tucker 's second number one on the country chart and would stay at number one for a single week and spend a total of twelve weeks on the chart .
In the song , the narrator , an adolescent girl , accompanies her father to a barroom where her mother and her mother 's lover are drinking , and witnesses as her father murders the pair .

Bangaru Babu
Bangaru Babu may refer to :

Machado , Minas Gerais
Machado , Minas Gerais is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Poço Fundo
Poço Fundo is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Bocaina de Minas
Bocaina de Minas is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Carvalhos , Minas Gerais
Carvalhos , Minas Gerais is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Cruzília
Cruzília , Minas Gerais is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Liberdade , Minas Gerais
Liberdade , Minas Gerais is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Minduri
Minduri is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Passa-Vinte
Passa-Vinte is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

São Vicente de Minas
São Vicente de Minas is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Seritinga
Seritinga is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Serranos
Serranos is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

HMS F3
HMS " F3 " was a British F class submarine of the Royal Navy .
She was built at John I. Thornycroft & Company , laid down 12 October 1914 and launched 9 February 1916 .
" F3 " was broken up in Portsmouth in 1920 .

Colline Metallifere
The Colline Metallifere ( , " Metal - bearing Hills " ) are a mountain - hill group in the Tuscan Antiapennine , in central Italy .
They occupy the central-western part of Tuscany , divided between the provinces of Livorno , Pisa , Siena and Grosseto .
The territory , with the exception of the Poggio di Montieri and Cornate di Gerfalco peaks , both above the 1,000 m , is mostly hilly , with a rich variety of minerary resources , whence the name .
It also includes geothermic energy sources , part of which used in ENEL power plants at Larderello and Lago Boracifero .
Rivers include the Cecina , the Cornia and the Merse .
The metal resources of the Colline Metallifere were exploited since ancient times by the Etruscans : production reached its peak in the mid - 19th century , declining quickly however afterwards .
The numerous railways serving the mills are now mostly suppressed .

Delfim Moreira , Minas Gerais
Delfim Moreira , Minas Gerais is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Dom Viçoso
Dom Viçoso is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Marmelópolis
Marmelópolis is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .
Geography .
It lies on the boundary of the state of São Paulo at 1277 meters elevation and is the future of eco-tourism , having an area of 108,1 km² in the municipality .
The physical area is made up for the most part of mountainous terrain of The Mantiqueira Mountains .
The name Mantiqueira derives from a [ Tupi-Guarani ] word meaning " mountains that cry " , denoting the large number of springs and streams found there .
Part of Marins peak is located in Marmelópolis .
This is a beautiful landscape with a peaceful mood on it .
Marmelópolis occupies a highly strategic geographical location , due to its proximity to São Paulo ( 260 km ) , Belo Horizonte ( 460 km ) and Rio de Janeiro ( 420 km ) , whose connections are made with good highways .
Climate .
The climate is characterized by dry winters and mild summers .
The winter is from April to September and has an average temperature of 15 ° C and rainfall of 315 mm. The summer is from October to March and has an average temperature of 21 ° C with rainfall of 1,430 mm. The annual rainfall is 1,745 mm. The average annual temperature is 17 ° C with minimums of -6 ° C and maximums of 31.7 ° C.

Christine Marie ( singer )
Christine Marie is a 20 - year - old country singer residing in Nashville .
Christine was a member of a trio , “ Stellar , ” winners of the vocal group category at the 2008 Hollywood ’s Best New Talent competition .
She recently recorded her first album at Nashville Studio 515 and Nashville Demo Studio , and released her first EP at Frubble .
Theatre .
[ Christine ] started her performing life at a young age , as part of Christian Youth Theater .
Personal life .
According to Twitter and tumblr , she is the younger sister of actor / singer James Maslow , from Nick 's Big Time Rush .

( I 'd Be ) A Legend in My Time
" ( I 'd Be ) A Legend in My Time " is a song written and recorded by Don Gibson in 1960 .
It appeared as the B-side of his hit " Far Far Away " , from the album " Sweet Dreams " .
Gibson re-recorded the song on the 1972 album " Country Green " .
Frequently covered , the song is usually titled without the parenthetical lead .
Versions have been recorded by Connie Francis , Johnny Cash ( on the album " " ) , Timi Yuro , and Frank Ifield , among others .
Roy Orbison covered the track for his 1961 album " Lonely and Blue " .
Orbison recorded a second later version which was featured on his 1967 tribute album to Gibson , " Roy Orbison Sings Don Gibson " .
The song was recorded by Ronnie Milsap and released in November 1974 as the lead single from his album " A Legend in My Time " .
This was Ronnie Milsap 's sixth country hit and his third number one .
The single would stay at number one for a single week and spent a total of ten weeks within the top 40 .
Milsap 's recording altered the song from its original 3/4 time signature to a 4/4 time signature .

Khanileh , Kermanshah
Khanileh ( , also Romanized as Khānīleh ; Kurdish : Xaníle ) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Ravansar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Khanileh is located 6 km to SW of Ravansar and ca .
56 km to NW of Kermanshah , in Western Iran .
It lies at southern slopes of the hilly range of Salakan and it has a commanding view on the Gomeshter ( Garaw ) plain .
Salakan is a part of radiolarian belt and has numerous springs outlets on its northern and southern slopes .
The presence of these springs and commanding view of Khanileh over the plain attracted prehistoric people to the area since the Chalcolithic period and the early occupations continued to the Bronze and Iron Ages .
The remains of these early occupations are visible on an ancient mound at west of the village and an ancient cemetery of Iron Age period in the village itself .
TL dating of a number of sherds from western mound has revealed two groups of dates : fourth mill bc .
and first mill .
bc .
There is a low mound with Parthian occupation remains at south of the village called Tapa Bawa .
These sites were surveyed in 1986 and 2006 that led to discovery a number of sherds and lithic artifacts .
Presence of Islamic age potsherds indicates that the village was an occupation site during this period .
A very old mours tree ( Ophith morus persicus ) that according to local people is older than 150 years was cut in 2011 by the owner of the nearby garden .
References .
Hassanzadeh , Y. , M. Karami , F. Bahrol’oloomi , K. Taheri , A. Tahmasbi , A. Moradi Bisetouni and F. Biglari ( 2012 ) Khanileh : New evidence of Chalcolithic and Early Historic occupations from northwest of the Kermanshah Plain , Central Zagros , Kreyenbroek , Philip G. , and Stefan Sperl ( 1992 ) The Kurds : A Contemporary Overview , London : Routledge , 1992 .
Levine , L. D. , and Mary M. A. McDonald ( 1977 ) The Neolithic and Chalcolithic periods in the Mahidasht " , Iran 15 : 39-50 .
Levine D. L. , and T. Cuyler Young ( 1986 ) A Summary of the Ceramic Assemblages of the Central Western Zagros from the Middle Neolithic to the Late Third Millennium B. C. " , Colloques Internationaux CNRS , Prehistore De La Mesopotamie , Paris : editions du CNRS Paris 198b ) , Pp .
15 -53 .
Parpola , S. & M. Porter ( 2001 ) The Helsinki Atlas of the Near East in the Neo-Assyrian Period , Edited by : Simo Parpola & Michael Porter , The Casco Bay Assyriological Institute The Neo-Assyrian Text Corpus Project , Finland .

Piranguçu
Piranguçu is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Piranguinho
Piranguinho is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .
It lies on the Sapucaí river valley , with mild to moderate temperatures during the year .
History .
Piranguinho 's history resembles late in 19th century , when Brazil lived as an Empire , ruled by D. Pedro II .
The country at that time had a great economic growth , due to the Coffee Cycle .
This milestone can be remembered as the Southern part of Brazil received a lot of investments .
Although historians say that the coffee production was the solely activity responsible for the sudden development , it is well known that the Brazilian economy during this time faced a deep diversification on its activities .
Then these activities were driven to supply the country internal needs .
Therefore these products can be also considered as one of the factors that lead to Brazil 's modernization .
As a way to build up an infrastructure to support the Brazil 's growth , railroads were constructed throughout all the country , then improving the communication and transport systems .
As a direct result of these actions , many parts of Minas Gerais had the political , social , and economic boundaries expanded considerably .
The estate at that time was property of Baroness Leocádia de Lourenço .
It was subordinated to São Caetano da Vargem Grande ( currently Brazópolis ) .
Later on the estate became a region of interest by the authorities responsible to develop the project for various railroads in Minas Gerais , called " Rede Mineira de Viação " .
Such contract sought the construction of a railroad connecting the cities of Itajubá and Santa Rita do Sapucaí .
Besides these two cities , the railroad should be also connected to other nodes within Minas Gerais .
At that time , all the region had rich resources , necessary to the railroad construction .
Hardwoods such as native Brazilian Jacarandá , Jequitibá , Taiúva , Pereira were available and in abundance .
Then a deal was closed among the interest parties .
The Baroness was responsible to lumber and provide the railroad sleepers necessary to the construction , work - force , to build up a water-powered sawmill ( Portuguese : Engenho ) to process the wood , rectify the Ribeirão dos Porcos course , and lastly manage all the infrastructure .
It is believed that the railroad construction started earlier in the 1880s .
The increased demand for workers had attracted to the region a considerable number of people .
This way , many wood and pau - a - pique homes were settled around the sawmill .
Then a small community had started .
Transportation .
Piranguinho can count on the following roads that divides the city into sectors : Note : When leaving or arriving Piranguinho towards MG-295 , please watch out for the photo enforced radar installed on the city urban boundary .
The speed limit is 40 km/h ( 24.8 Mph ) .
Culture .
The city is known in Brazil as the Brazilian National Capital of Pé - de - Moleque .
Besides the gastronomy , Piranguinho has the following annual events :

Botelhos
Botelhos is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Caldas , Minas Gerais
Caldas is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Ibitiúra de Minas
Ibitiúra de Minas is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil.Its estimated population in 2006 was 3,753 inhabitants .

Inconfidentes
Inconfidentes is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Monte Sião
Monte Sião is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Ouro Fino
Ouro Fino is a city situated in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeastern Region of Brazil .

Santa Rita de Caldas
Santa Rita de Caldas is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Bom Repouso
Bom Repouso is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Bueno Brandão
Bueno Brandão is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Cambuí
Cambuí is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Congonhal
Congonhal is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Jan Blokhuijsen
Jan Blokhuijsen ( born 1 April 1989 ) is Dutch long track speed skater who until 2013 skated for the commercial TVM ploeg .
He currently holds the world record in the team pursuit discipline along with teammates Sven Kramer and Koen Verweij .
At the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi he won a silver medal in the 5000 m competition .
In 2007 , he got his VWO degree at school .
After a successful period in skating and inline skating ( in which he won several Dutch and European titles at the junior categories and a second place at the world championships in Korea ) he decided to focus only on the speedskating .
In February 2008 , he won the Dutch Allround Speed Skating Championships junior title at the ice rink of Groningen .
Later in the same month he became world champion at the junior world championships speedskating , where he finished in front of his teammates Koen Verweij and Berden de Vries .
Together with them he also won the world title at the team pursuit .
As of 10 November 2013 , he is at the 7th position in the adelskalender .
Tournament summary .
His best individual performances in the World Cup are two 5000 metres 2nd places , while he has finished 5 times on the first spot in the team pursuit .

Córrego do Bom Jesus
Córrego do Bom Jesus is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Espírito Santo do Dourado
Espírito Santo do Dourado is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Then Who Am I
" Then Who Am I " is a song written by Dallas Frazier and A. L. "Doodle " Owens , and recorded by American country music artist Charley Pride .
It was released in November 1974 as the second single from the album " Pride of America " .
" Then Who Am I " was Charley Pride 's fourteenth number one song on the country chart .
The single stayed at number one for one week and spent a total of nine weeks on the country chart .

Extrema , Minas Gerais
Extrema , Minas Gerais is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Gonçalves , Minas Gerais
Gonçalves , Minas Gerais is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Ipuiúna
Ipuiúna is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Munhoz
Munhoz is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Sapucaí-Mirim
Sapucaí-Mirim is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Senador José Bento
Senador José Bento is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Toledo , Minas Gerais
Toledo , Minas Gerais is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .

Candanakkavu
Chandanakkavu is located 16 km. south-west of Kottakkal and about 3 km. south of Vettichira in Kurumbathur village in north Kerala ( Malabar ) , India .
It is the birthplace of the 16th - century poet , Melpathur Bhattathiripad .
Chandanakkavu Melpathur Narayana Bhattathiripad is the composer of ‘Narayaneeyam ’ .
A mandap in honour of him has been constructed by the Guruvayoor Devaswam at Chandanakkavu which is attracting people.sabeer

Osmann Kijamet
Osmann Kijamet is a Slovenian darts player .
Kijamet won the 2009 PDC East European Qualifying Event , earning him a place in the 2010 PDC World Darts Championship .
He was the first Slovenian darts player to qualify for either version of the World Darts Championship .
He defeated New Zealand 's Phillip Hazel 4-2 in the preliminary round , but was whitewashed 3-0 by Andy Hamilton in the first round .

Brazdauskis
Brazdauskis is the masculine form of a Lithuanian family name .
The surname may refer to :

Calbuco Archipelago
Calbuco Archipelago is located in the Reloncaví Sound , Llanquihue Province , Los Lagos Region , Chile .
The archipelago is composed of 14 islands .
List of islands .
The islands are : The last three islands , Tabon , Mayelhue and Lin , are by low tide only one island .

Isabel Nkavadeka
Isabel Manuel Nkavadeka is a Mozambican politician .
She is a member of FRELIMO and was elected to the Assembly of the Republic of Mozambique in 1999 from the Cabo Delgado Province .
In 2004 , she was also a member of the Pan-African Parliament from Mozambique .
In 2005 , she was Minister for Parliamentary Affairs .

Tu Ultima Cancion
Tu Ultima Cancion ( " Your Last Song " ) is a studio album released by the romantic ensemble Los Temerarios .
All songs were composed by Adolfo Angel Alva , except were indicated .

Seamus McNamara
Seamus McNamara ( born 2 June 1985 ) is an American-born former Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) , and former professional Basketball player .
McNamara signed a two year international rookie contract and was selected by the Collingwood Football Club in the 2009 AFL Rookie Draft at pick No. 47 .
Collingwood discovered McNamara , who played four seasons of NCAA Division I collegiate basketball in the US for Marist College in New York before playing one season of professional basketball in Germany for TSV Dachau Spurs .
When Collingwood gave out their jumper numbers for season 2010 , McNamara requested the recently vacated number 23 ( formerly worn by Anthony Rocca ) .
Instead , McNamara was given the number 50 after Collingwood wished to keep the number 23 vacant after Rocca 's departure .
McNamara later said his number 50 could represent the 50 states of the United States .
On 13 March 2010 , McNamara played in his first competitive match against an opposition team ( a 61 - point win over the Geelong Cats in a VFL pre-season game ) .
McNamara is the fifth player to be born in the United States to be associated with an AFL club and the first American-born player to play for Collingwood .
In September 2012 McNamara was cut from the Collingwood list after having played 3 NAB pre-season cup matches for the club .
After being delisted from Collingwood McNamara returned to his original sport , signing on to play with Sandringham Sabres in the South East Australian Basketball League .
In 2012 McNamara was delisted from the Sandringham Sabres .

Trouble in Paradise ( Loretta Lynn song )
" Trouble in Paradise " is 1974 single by Loretta Lynn .
" Trouble in Paradise " was Lynn 's eighth number one on the U.S country singles chart as a solo artist .
The single stayed at number one for a single week and spent a total of thirteen weeks on the chart .

Teton – Yellowstone tornado
The Teton – Yellowstone tornado was a rare high-altitude tornado which occurred on July 21 , 1987 in the U.S. State of Wyoming .
Rated at F4 on the Fujita scale , it was the strongest tornado ever recorded in the state .
It was also the only recorded F4 tornado in Wyoming history .
The tornado cut through a long , wide swath of the Teton Wilderness and Yellowstone National Park , and even crossed the Continental Divide .
The damage occurred at elevations ranging from , making it the highest altitude violent tornado recorded in the United States .
No human fatalities or injuries were recorded , but up to 1,000,000 trees were uprooted by the storm .
The F4 rating was based on the severity of the tree damage in the worst affected areas .
Huge swaths of trees were flattened , and many were stripped of leaves and limbs , with the trunks debarked .
Topsoil was picked up and spattered against the bare trunks .
Fujita noted that the tree damage was only comparable to that he had seen associated with some of the tornadoes from the Super Outbreak , as well as the April 1977 Birmingham tornado .
Most of the damaged forest later burned in the Yellowstone fires of 1988 .

Keezhattoor
Keezhattoor is a village 15 km north of Perinthalmanna in Malappuram district ( Malabar region ) in Kerala , India .
The birthplace of well celebrated Malayalam poet , Poonthanam Namboodiri is situated here .
The residence of the 16th - century poet is still in existence .
There is a proposal to make this house a monument of the poet .
The renowned pharmacy educational institution , Al shifa college of pharmacy is located in this picturesque village

Artiče
Artiče ( ; ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
It lies in the hills north of the town of Brežice .
The area was traditionally part of Styria .
It is now included in the Lower Sava Statistical Region .
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to the Holy Spirit and belongs to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Celje .
It was originally built in the late 16th century , but was remodelled in the early 20th century .

Utopia ( cruise ship )
Utopia is a planned luxury residential cruise ship project .
Completion of the ship is expected in 2016 at a cost of US$ 1.1 billion , but awaiting final financing and signed contracts .
The original binding letter of intent to build " Utopia " was announced in 2009 but amended in 2012 .
The ship is being built by Samsung Heavy Industries , one of the largest shipbuilders in the world , located in South Korea .
The Finnish engineering company Elomatic Marine is credited for the design concept of the vessel , with architectural design by Tillberg Design U.S. The business plan calls for residences with prices from US$ 3.9 million to US$ 30 million .
Amenities .
The , , ship will have a 199 residences ranging in size from .
The ship will also have 175 - room hotel , casino , 16,000 sq ft spa , night club , and many other amenities .
Financing .
The ship will be largely financed by the Frontier Group , a private equity firm based in St. Louis , Missouri .
Frontier will put up most of the funds to cover the US$ 1.1 billion in construction costs .

She Called Me Baby
" She Called Me Baby " is a country song written in 1961 by Harlan Howard which despite a number of recorded versions did not appear in the Top 20 of the C&W chart in " Billboard " until 1974 when a mid - 60s recording by Charlie Rich was belatedly released to reach #1 C&W. In its female version , " He Called Me Baby " , the song was a Top Ten R&B hit for Candi Staton in 1971 .
C&W versions .
" She Called Me Baby " was first recorded by the song 's composer Harlan Howard for his September 1961 album release " Harlan Howard Sings Harlan Howard " .
The track was released as a single in January 1962 and became a breakout hit in Texas where , according to his widow Melanie Howard , Harlan Howard spent two weeks doing promo before returning home to Nashville and refusing to do further promotion re his singing career as it interfered with his primary musical focus : songwriting .
Jan Howard - then married to Harlan Howard - recorded the first female version of the song : " He Called Me Baby " in a 30 April 1962 session at Columbia Recording Studio ( Nashville ) ; 1 the track was featured on Jan Howard 's " Sweet and Sentimental " album released that October .
Patsy Cline recorded the song as " He Called Me Baby " in a February 1963 session at Columbia Recording Studio ( Nashville ) .
Cline had begun recording tracks for an album to be entitled " Faded Love " on 4 February 1963 ; " He Called Me Baby " was one of four tracks cut on 7 February 19631 in what would prove to be Cline 's final recording session .
After Cline 's death on 5 March 1963 Decca Records elected not to release the " Faded Love " album instead including Cline 's final tracks on two 1964 album releases , the second of which : the 2 November 1964 release " That 's How a Heartache Begins " , featured " He Called Me Baby " which track had been given single release that 19 September to reach #23 on the C&W charts in December 1964 , becoming Cline 's final C&W Top 40 hit until 1980 .
Three months after Cline 's " He Called Me Baby " ended its run in the C&W Top 50 Carl Smith brought " She Called Me Baby " onto that chart for the first time ; Smith 's version - cut 14 December 1964 at Columbia Recording Studio ( Nashville ) 1 - rose as high as #32 .
" She Called Me Baby " next charted in November and December 1972 when Dick Curless took his version to #54 C&W. The song has also been recorded - as " She Called Me Baby " - by Eddy Arnold , Bobby Bare , Glen Campbell , Tennessee Ernie Ford , Mickey Gilley , Ferlin Husky , Waylon Jennings , John D. Loudermilk , Ernest Tubb and Sheb Wooley ; and as " He Called Me Baby " by Jessi Colter ( " A Country Star is Born " ) , Skeeter Davis , Bobbi Martin , Melba Montgomery and Dinah Shore .
Charlie Rich .
Charlie Rich recorded " She Called Me Baby " at one of a series of sessions produced by Chet Atkins at RCA Victor Studio in Nashville which occurred between March 1964 and February 1965.1 Like many Atkins - produced tracks of this era , " She Called Me Baby " featured choral backing and strings , a style prominent on other Rich recordings of the time .
Rich 's version of " She Called Me Baby " went unreleased as an album cut or single until after Rich had his star breakout in 1973 , when he scored million-sellers with " Behind Closed Doors " and " The Most Beautiful Girl .
" That run of success continued into 1974 , when several of his older recordings made during his tenures at RCA , Mercury and Sun records — " She Called Me Baby " included — were released as singles to C&W radio .
Released in September 1974 — around the time his Epic single " I Love My Friend " was peaking in popularity — " She Called Me Baby " reached #1 on the " Billboard " C&W chart dated 7 December 1974 .
" She Called Me Baby " was Rich 's fifth #1 C&W hit in 1974 alone and his seventh #1 C&W hit overall .
R&B versions .
" He Called Me Baby " entered the R&B charts for the first time in December 1968 via a recording by Ella Washington made for Nashville-based R&B label Sound Stage 7 .
Recorded at FAME Studios in Muscle Shoals , Washington 's " He Called Me Baby " was only a moderate R&B hit ( #38 ) but crossed - over to the " Billboard " Hot 100 ( #77 ) and earned Washington a Grammy nomination for Best R&B Performance - Female .
Candi Staton 's " Stand By Your Man " album - cut at FAME Studios with studio owner Rick Hall producing - included a version of " He Called Me Baby " issued as a single concurrently with the album 's release in December 1970 .
Staton 's version of " He Called Me Baby " - which Harlan Howard 's widow says the composer " loved " - reached #9 R&B in February 1971 .
Indie band One Eskimo sampled this version for their 2009 song " Kandi " .
Nancy Wilson remade " He Called Me Baby " for her 1975 album " Come Get to This " ; released as a single the track reached #74 R&B.

Tapanila
Tapanila ( ) is a neighbourhood in Malmi district , Helsinki .
Tapanila has approximately 5474 inhabitants ( 2005 ) .
Tapanila has its own railway station .
It is known that there were few farm houses in Tapanila already in the 16th century .
Back then Tapanila was one of the biggest villages in Helsinki area .
In 1862 , railroad between Hämeenlinna and Tapanila was built.http://www.tapanila.fi/english Tapanila.fi information in English Tapanila was largely rebuilt from 1910–1935 based on Letchworth Garden City in England , the first in the Garden city movement .
The area was annexed to Helsinki in 1946 .

Port Davey Track
The Port Davey Track , officially the Old Port Davey Track , is a bushwalking track located in the south western region of Tasmania , Australia .
The track traverses remote wilderness within the Southwest National Park , part of the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site , and is managed as a wilderness walk .
The Tasmanian Parks & Wildlife Service recommend that experienced bushwalkers can take four-to-five days to cover the track in one direction .
The track may be combined with the South Coast Track as a long continuous trek requiring around eight to fourteen days .
The track draws its name from Port Davey , an oceanic inlet named in honour of Thomas Davey , a former Governor of Tasmania .
Features and location .
From the Scotts Peak Dam Road in the north , the track trailhead is located adjacent to the Huon Campground ( ) , the southern terminus of the Scotts Peak Dam Road .
The track heads south towards the Arthur Range and then west to the Crossing Plains .
Further south , the track runs adjacent to the Crossing River , moving through the Lost World Plateau , following the Erskine Range to the west and the Rugby Range to the east .
The track crosses the Spring River before it reaches the eastern side of Jo Page Bay , and to the point of crossing the Bathurst Channel , west of Bathurst Harbour .
The track 's southern terminus is at where the track converges with the South Coast Track at the Melaleuca Visitor Services Site of the Parks & Wildlife Service ( ) .
The Tasmanian Parks & Wildlife Service recommend trek time as follows : Approximately 200 people walk the Port Davey track annually .

Zagros Paleolithic Museum
Zagros Paleolithic Museum ( ) is a museum in Kermanshah , Iran , established in 2008 .
The museum contains a large collection of stone tools and animal fossil bones from various Paleolithic sites in Iran .
In Iran , it is the only of its kind .
History .
The museum was established by Fereidoun Biglari and A. Moradi Bisetouni at Tekieh Biglar Baigi , Kermanshah in 2007 .
Marjan Mashkour , a zooarchaeologist , was in charge of animal fossil identification for the museum .
Collections .
Zagros Paleolithic Museum occupies four rooms which include objects from various Paleolithic and Neolithic sites in Iran , dating from ca .
1,000,000 years to some 8,000 years ago .
The first room is an audio room where visitors can watch a documentary about prehistoric stone tools and how Paleolithic artisans made these tools .
There is also is a full life-size model of a Neanderthal .
The second room is dedicated to human and animal bones from sites on the Zagros Mountains and some human skull replicas from famous Paleolithic sites in Europe and the Near East .
Among the faunal remains , the fossil collection from the Wezmeh cave is of prime importance .
The third room contains Lower Paleolithic stone tools from various sites such as Kashafrud , Ganj Par and Shiwatoo .
The fourth room houses late Paleolithic and Neolithic stone tools , animal bones , shells and other archaeological objects which are also from sites on the Zagros mountains .

One Shot ( Tin Machine song )
" One Shot " is the second track from the album " Tin Machine II " by Tin Machine .
It was released as the third single from the album , making it their seventh single overall .
It is the last single released by the band .
Chart performance . Single

List of Atlas launches ( 2010–19 )

Christmas in Nazi Germany
In Nazi Germany , attempts were made to bring the celebration of Christmas in line with Nazi ideology .
The Jewish origins of Jesus and the commemoration of his birth as the Jewish Messiah was troubling for Nazi racial beliefs .
Between 1933 and 1945 , government officials attempted to remove these aspects of Christmas from civil celebrations and concentrate on the pre-Christian aspects of the festival .
Hymns and decorations were secularised .
However church and private celebrations remained Christian in nature .
Background .
Christianity had long been the main faith of the Germanic peoples , dating to the missionary work of Columbanus and St. Boniface in the 6th–8th centuries .
The Nazis ruled Germany from 1933-1945 .
Nazism wanted to transform the subjective consciousness of the German people — their attitudes , values and mentalities—into a single - minded , obedient " national community " .
According to Shirer , " under the leadership of Rosenberg , Bormann and Himmler — backed by Hitler — the Nazi regime intended to destroy Christianity in Germany , if it could , and substitute the old paganism of the early tribal Germanic gods and the new paganism of the Nazi extremists .
" After taking power in 1933 , Nazi ideologues initially sought to reject Germany 's long held Christmas traditions - renaming the festival " Julfest " , and propagating its Germanic origins as the celebration of the winter solstice .
But for the majority of Germans , the Christian traditions remained the basis of the holiday , and the churches were outraged by the removal of Christ from Christmas and maintained the Christian traditions within themselves .
Christmas under the Nazi Dictatorship .
Nazi ideologists claimed that the Christian elements of the holiday had been superimposed upon ancient Germanic traditions .
They argued that Christmas Eve originally had nothing to do with the birth of Jesus Christ , but instead celebrated the winter solstice and the ' rebirth of the sun ' , that the swastika was an ancient symbol of the sun , and that Santa Claus was a Christian reinvention of the Germanic god Odin .
Accordingly , holiday posters were made to depict Odin as the " Christmas or Solstice man " , riding a white charger , sporting a thick grey beard and wearing a slouch hat , carrying a sack full of gifts .
Other changes were made to the manger , which was replaced by a Christmas garden containing wooden toy deer and rabbits ; Mary and Jesus were also depicted as a blonde mother and child .
The Christmas tree was also changed .
The traditional names of the tree , " Christbaum " or " Weihnachtsbaum " , was renamed in the press as fir tree , light tree or Jul tree .
The star on the top of the tree was sometimes replaced with a swastika , a Germanic " sun wheel " or a Sig rune .
During the height of the movement , an attempt was made to remove the association of the coming of Jesus and replace it with the coming of Adolf Hitler , referred to as the " Saviour Führer " .
Christmas carols were also changed .
The words to " Silent Night " were changed so it made no reference to God , Christ and religion .
Words were also changed to the hymn " Unto Us a Time Has Come " so as to remove references to Jesus .
The modified version of the hymn was in use for several more years in post-war Germany .
Shop catalogues containing children 's toys made available during the holiday season regularly featured toy tanks , fighter planes and machine guns .
As a sign of appreciation , Heinrich Himmler frequently gave SS members a " Julleuchter " ( " Yule lantern " ) , a kind of ornate Germanic candlestick , some of which were made at Dachau concentration camp .
Housewives were prompted to bake biscuits in the shape of birds , wheels and swastikas for their children .
By 1944 the movement to remove Christian influences from Christmas lessened as the government concentrated more on the war effort .
In 1944 civil celebrations of Christmas marked the festival as a day of remembrance for Germany 's war dead .

Paula Ungureanu
Paula - Claudia Ungureanu ( née Rădulescu ; born 30 March 1980 ) is a Romanian handballer who plays for HCM Baia Mare and the Romanian national team .
Both at her current club and at the national team , Paula Ungureanu successfully replaced Luminița Dinu after her retirement .
Shortly after taking these positions Ungureanu became known for a high percentage of saves in games and for managing difficult saves in key points of games .
Paula Ungureanu ranked fourth on the Top Goalkeepers list of the 2009 World Women 's Handball Championship with a 41 % save rate .
In the 2014 European Championship , she ranked second after Silje Solberg on the Top Goalkeepers list with a 40 % save rate .
References .

Camino del Amor
Camino del Amor ( " Love Road " ) is a studio album released by Los Temerarios .

List of Thor and Delta launches ( 2010–19 )
As at October 2011 , only the Delta IV remained in production .
However , previously built hardware for five more Delta II vehicles existed and was available for purchase to launch customers .
They would likely launch from Vandenberg AFB on polar - orbit missions , according to NASA and rocket manufacturer United Launch Alliance .
As of 31 January 2015 , 2 of the remaining Delta II vehicles had been launched with 2 more slated to launch NASA spacecraft in 2017

Gilad Hesseg
Gilad Hesseg ( ) is an Israeli folk rock singer-songwriter and composer .
He has been active in the field of Israeli music for the best part of his life and has composed and recorded numerous songs , using his own and others ’ lyrics .
He has written and recorded the music for several musicals , and produced and directed a variety of music projects of Israeli song and music .
An evening of song to the words of 15 poems by the famous Israeli poet Rachel which Gilad composed , produced and directed together with his brother , Tommer Hesseg , was very successful resulting in some 60 theatre performances , as well as being broadcast on Israel Radio and T. V. One of his most recent compositions set to the words of Annabel Lee by Edgar Allan Poe has been performed by the Concora Choir - Connecticut 's Premier Professional Choir , Conducted by Maestro Richard Coffey and by the Jerusalem Academy of Music Chamber Choir Conducted by Maestro Stanley Sperber .
The song was broadcast on Israel National Radio .
Gilad studied with Prof. Shadai of the Tel-Aviv Academy of Music within the framework of a course for gifted student musicians given by Shadai at the Haifa Rubin Conservatorium of Music , and studied piano , improvisation , and music arrangement in Haifa with Ms Ruth Appel .
Biography .
Gilad was born on September 3 , 1971 in the small town of Nesher near Haifa .
He is the second of three sons .
His elder brother - Doron Hesseg - is an IT professional .
His younger brother - Tommer Hesseg – himself a well established musician , holds a Master 's Degree from the Jerusalem Academy of Music and Dance and is a 3 - year graduate of the Beit Zvi College for the Performing Arts .
Tommer is Manager and Deputy Conductor of the Jerusalem Academy Chamber Music Choir and teaches music in various academies and colleges .
Gilad 's parents were his initial introduction to the world of music and art .
His Irish-born mother graduated from the Leinster School of Music in Dublin .
His Polish-born father – as well as being a teacher - was an artist of Metal , Clay , and Wood .
Gilad 's flair for music became evident at a very early age .
As a young child he played various musical instruments and at 16 began writing lyrics and composing songs .
Gilad was educated at the Nesher Comprehensive High - School where he was given his first opportunity to demonstrate his musical capabilities , performing for his school at most of the major functions .
His military service in the Israeli Navy provided opportunities to sing and perform music for navy personnel leading to his first cover band with performances in major nightclubs throughout the country .
As well as his passion for music , Gilad displayed an avid interest in Sports and holds a Bachelor 's Degree in Physical Education from the Wingate Institute .
Prior to his present position at the Nesher Municipality he held a full-time position as Physical Education teacher and music instructor at the Nesher Comprehensive High - School where he himself was educated as a teenager .
Personal life .
In his private life , Gilad holds a Master 's degree in Public Auditing from the Faculty of Political Science , University of Haifa and currently holds the position of Internal Auditor for the Municipality of the town of Nesher , while continuing to pursue his career in music .
Gilad is married to Rinatia Maaravi , and they have two sons .
They live on Mount Carmel in Haifa , where Gilad has his own recording studio .

Ryōmaden
is the 49th NHK Taiga drama .
It was shown on NHK from January 3 to November 28 , 2010 spanning 48 episodes .
The story centers on the life of 19th - century Japanese historical figures Iwasaki Yatarō and Sakamoto Ryōma .
It has been announced that the series will be aired in several other countries , for example Hong Kong , South Korea , Taiwan and Thailand .
Season overview .
The box sets is available in two versions ; a general DVD version , and Blu-ray Disc .
The 1st episode and the last episode are 75 minutes long .
Others are 45 minutes long without commercials .
Reception .
Impact .
" Ryōmaden " made a huge impact in Japan .
Kōchi , Sakamoto Ryoma 's birthplace reported an increase in tourism when the drama started airing .
The Bank of Japan ( Koichi Branch ) initially estimated the economic benefit to be around 23.4 billion yen .
However , they have revised the estimation to 40.9 billion yen in April 2010 , due to an increase in tourism because of ' Ryoma Fever .
' The final estimation is around 52.5 billion yen , 2.3 times the value from the initial estimation .
The Nagasaki Branch also estimated around 21 billion yen of economic benefit to Nagasaki , the place where Ryoma was in the Kaientai business .
Copies of the necklace Ryoma wore are selling well , and it is the number one selling item in the NHK gift shop .
External links .

Tenglo Island
Tenglo Island is separated from Puerto Montt by the Tenglo Channel in Reloncaví Sound , Los Lagos Region , Chile .

Salim Mehmud
Dr. Salim Mehmud , also known as Salim Mehmood , is a Pakistani rocket scientist and a nuclear engineer .
He is the former chairman of Space and Upper Atmosphere Research Commission ( SUPARCO ) .
He has served as chief scientist at the Defence Science and Technology Organization .
Currently , he is the chief Scientific and Technological Advisor at the Ministry of Communications of Pakistan .
Education .
Mehmud took his BSc in Physics and a BA in Mathematics in 1955 from the Punjab University .
The same year , he was admitted at the Punjab University 's Graduate Program , and continued his research in Physics .
He graduated and received his MSc in Physics and Electronics from Punjab University in 1957 .
The same year , he joined Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission ( PAEC ) as Engineer Officer ( EO ) and served in Nuclear Engineering Division .
However , he was awarded a scholarship by former Chairman of PAEC Nazir Ahmad to continued his higher studies , and travelled to United States .
There , he attended North Carolina State University where he received his double MSc in Physics and MS in Electrical engineering in 1959 .
The same year , he began his post-graduate research work at Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education which he did until 1961 .
In 1964 , he studied Nuclear engineering with the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education ( ORISE ) , also at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory as part of the Atoms for Peace Program In 1961 , he took his MSc in Nuclear engineering , followed by PhD in Nuclear engineering from Oak Ridge National Laboratory under the supervision of Dr. William " Bill " Nelson in 1964 .
While studying at Oak Ridge National Laboratory , his mentor Dr. Bill Nelson has called him one of his brightest and finest students in his doctoral teaching experience .
His doctoral dissertation covered a vast amount of study in the field of Nuclear electric rocket .
NASA career .
Mehmud who was working at an Oak Ridge National Laboratory as a nuclear engineer was asked by Dr. Ishrat Hussain Usmani to go to Pakistani Embassy at the Washington , D. C. , and met with prof .
Abdus Salam .
He along with fellow nuclear engineer Tariq Mustafa arrived at the Pakistani Embassy at Washington , D. C. After the formal conversation , dr .
Salam and the engineers went to a local restaurant where the engineers was personally asked by dr .
Abdus Salam to join NASA .
According to his interview , Mehmud expressed his concern over joining NASA and clearly notified Abdus Salam about his willingness to work in Pakistan 's nuclear industry .
However , with Salam 's insistence , Mehmud and Mustafa visited NASA 's headquarter and examined the American advances in rocket technology .
The rocket science was found to be more challenging than it seems , according to Mehmud .
After his visit to NASA , Mehmud and Mustafa decided to join NASA to study and trained in the field of rocket science .
Role in the development of NASA 's solid rockets .
Mehmud and Mustafa were assigned to conduct research in space and rocket technology .
They , at first , declined the Salam 's offer and vowed to work in a Pakistan 's nuclear program , according to the interview given by CNBC Pakistan .
However , after Abdus Salam 's insistence , Mehmud and Mustafa visited the Goddard Space Flight Center .
After the visit , Mustafa and Mehmud agreed to work for NASA .
Mehmud and Mustafa arrived at Greenbelt , Maryland on a Douglas DC-6 .
Mehmud and Mustafa joined NASA in 1961 .
He was trained at the Goddard Space Center in rocket technology .
He was the one of the earliest pioneers of Nike - Cajun and Judi - Dart , a solid fuel propellent based rocket .
He closely collaborated with NASA scientists and engineers in the development of solid fuel sounding rockets during the 1960s .
SUPARCO career and chairman .
Mehmud joined SUPARCO in 1961 on the request of dr .
Abdus Salam .
He was immediately transferred in SUPARCO 's rocket fabrication laboratory .
Mehmud was one of the distinguished member of SUPARCO 's team who launched the Satellite Launch Vehicle technology based - Rehbar - I under the direction of Air Cdre .
dr .
Wladysław Józef Marian Turowicz .
He then was sent back to NASA where he specialised in satellite and rocket technology .
He then travelled with Air Cdre .
Wladyslaw Turowicz to the United States where both had studied and conduct research in space and rocket technology .
Mehmud came back to Pakistan where he carried out his research in rocket science and satellite launch vehicles under the supervision of dr .
Wladyslaw Turowicz .
Along with Turowicz , he sat the Sonmiani facility and was the responsible for installing the Launch pads and computer facility at the Sonmiani center .
On 15 December 1980 , with the support of PAEC Chairman Munir Ahmad Khan , President of Pakistan General Zia appointed Salim Mehmud as chief executive officer of SUPARCO and asked him to submit necessary recommendations for up - gradation of SUPARCO to the status of a full-fledged Commission .
Hatf missile program .
In 1980 , he was made the Chairman of SUPARCO with the support of PAEC chairman Munir Ahmad Khan .
He successfully convinced General Zia to set up funds for SUPARCO .
Zia who was a strong advocate for the space program , allowed SUPARCO to developed the indigenous satellite capabilities .
During the 1980s , he started the Hatf Missile Program and was the project director of the Missile program .
He was the principal figure and scientist in Hatf missile program and was the brain behind the indigenous missile development .
As a profession , Mehmud is a nuclear engineer , and designed the missile in a complex model that the rocket can carry approximately up to 500 kg HEU fissile material .
It was his leadership that in 1989 , 23 March , on the Republic Day of Pakistan , SUPARCO , along with Engineering Research Laboratories , publicly tested the Hatf Missile .
Design of Hatf .
The Hatf-I , the first derivative , was designed as a highly mobile , tactical system .
The missiles are said to have been derived from the second-stage of the French Eridan missile system .
Due to difficulty in acquiring the technology needed in satellite development in the 1980s , the first derivative of Hatf missile is designed with zero or no satellite guidance .
Dr. Mehmud 's team also designed the missile that it can be considered as an artillery rocket .
It is ground mobile and can be launched from a transporter erector launcher ( TEL ) vehicles .
Badr satellite program .
In 1984 , Salim Mehmud quickly launched the Badr satellite program .
The development and the construction of Badr-1 , Pakistan 's first domestically - built digital communication satellite , was started .
A small team of SUPARCO scientists and engineers who had studied and trained in University of Surrey were the part of the university 's UO-9 , UO-11 and UO-22 hamsats miniature satellite development and program , began the development of the satellite .
Mehmud , then briefed the General Zia and suggested to launch the satellite from Pakistani Satellite Launch Vehicle .
However , having found difficulties in SLV - required technology , the idea of Pakistani SLV was postponed and later was cancelled .
Mehmud retired from SUPARCO in 1989 as a chief scientist and was transferred in DESTO .
In 1990 , Badr-1 was finally launched via Long March 2E rocket from Xichang Satellite Launch Center .
Support for rocket science in Pakistan .
Mehmud has been a vocal supporter of rocket science and technology in Pakistan .
He , along with other scientists , has raised his voice in different occasion for Pakistan 's space program as well as a Pakistan 's satellite launch vehicle project .
His efforts were involved in Pakistan 's pursuit for peaceful use of satellite technology and has been a strong supporter of science in Pakistan .
Legacy .
Mehmud 's profile has been kept in secrecy but it is known that he has work in Pakistan 's aerospace weapon development program agency , DESTO .
It is unknown whether how long did he stay there and when was he took his retirement from the agency .
However , it is known that he has played a " father-like " role in the establishment of the Sonmiani and Tilla spaceports and have been a scientist behind the Pakistan 's solid-fuel rocket firing program during the 1960s .
Along with other Pakistani scientists , Mehmud 's profile and credits have been kept in high level of ambiguity .
Mehmud 's credit and work , such as other noted , have kept lower than Dr. Abdul Qadeer Khan .
Currently , he has been retired from Pakistan 's strategic program and remained untouch to the other Pakistan 's classified program .
As of 2009 , he is the chief Scientific and Technological Advisor at the Ministry of Communications of Pakistan .
External links .

Bizeljska Vas
Bizeljska Vas ( ; , ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
It lies in the hills north of Bizeljsko .
The area was traditionally part of Styria .
It is now included in the Lower Sava Statistical Region .
It includes the hamlets of Ciglanca ( in older sources also " Ciglonca " , ) , Prekošnica , Stičnica , Maslarjev Breg , Podgrad , and Sračjek .
Castle .
Bizeljsko Castle is a castle on a hill above the settlement .
It was originally built in the 16th and 17th centuries with a number of later additions including two rounded corner towers and a Baroque castle chapel .

Cortusa
Cortusa is a genus that consists of 19 species of delicate , hardy , alpine perennials , relative to " Primula " both in general appearance and habit of growth .
The genus is named by the herbalist Matthiolus after his friend Cortusus , professor of botany at Padua , who discovered the plant called today " Cortusa matthioli " .
The plants are flowering herbaceous perennials native to the mountains of southern and eastern Europe , including the Alps and the Carpathians , and some species native to China .
Most of the species are small spring bloomers for shade and rock garden .
These low-growing and rather handsome little plants have clumps of downy , light green , heart-shaped leaves with serrated edges .
In late spring , small loose umbel of delicate bell-shaped to lily - liked flowers born terminally on drooping spikes arise from the base , some 6-8in high .
Flowers are magenta , pink , white and yellow .
They are dormant in some months , and as spring begins , stems and leaves quickly start to reproduce .

Odette Krempin
Princess Odette Maniema Krempin ( born 30.10.1976 in Maniema , Zaire ) is an African entrepreneur , philanthropist and honorary consul of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in Frankfurt am Main and a member of the Kuba Kingdom .
Krempin grew up in the province of Maniema , until her wealthy family moved to Paris when she was eight years old .
She became a tailor , studied fashion design in Paris and Marrakech , and opened a boutique in Niger at the age of 20 .
Krempin moved to Frankfurt am Main in 2007 , and founded the Deutsch-Afrikanisches Jugendwerk , a teaching organization .
In September 2011 , Krempin was appointed Chairwoman of Somima , a mining company in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .

Cape Foulwind Railway
The Cape Foulwind Railway was a branch railway line west of Westport to Cape Foulwind .
In 1886 the Westport Harbour Board built the line to their quarry to transport rocks to their breakwaters in the Buller River .
In 1888 it was linked to Westport by a road-rail bridge over the Buller River .
About 1890 passenger services were started .
In 1914 a new section of line including a tunnel was built to a new quarry south of the Cape .
In 1921 the line and the three F class locomotives were transferred to the New Zealand Railways .
The branch was one of the branch lines closed by the Railway Commission in 1930 , although it had been effectively closed from about 1925 .
But in 1931 the line reverted to the Marine Department , which ran occasional trains until about 1940 .
Cape Foulwind .
Originally the site of a Maori village named Omau , Cape Foulwind has a lighthouse , and a large cement works .
Built since the line closed , the cement is trucked from the works to a private siding just south of Westport .
The name Omau has been reinstated as a proper place name .

Kolenté River
The Kolenté River ( also known as the Great Scarcies River ) is a river in Guinea and Sierra Leone .
The river forms a portion of the international border between the two countries .
It empties into the Atlantic Ocean at Barlo Point , Sierra Leone .
In Guinea it is known as the Kolenté and in Sierra Leone it is known as the Great Scarcies .
The Little Scarcies River empties into the same bay of the Atlantic Ocean just to the south of the Great Scarcies River .
This area was settled by the Temne people who migrated from Futa Jalon to the north .

Hostel ( disambiguation )
A hostel is a budget - oriented , overnight lodging place where travelers rent accommodation by the bed as opposed to the whole room .
Hostel may also refer to :

Point of Ayr Gas Terminal
The Point of Ayr Gas Terminal is a gas terminal situated on the Point of Ayr in Flintshire , Wales .
It takes gas from eni 's Liverpool Bay Development .
History .
The is owned by eni Liverpool bay Operating Company Ltd , a subsidiary of eni UK Ltd. It is built near a former colliery , which closed in August 1996 .
Approval for the site was given in February 1993 , to be constructed by Hamilton Oil ( of Denver , USA ) .
BHP bought Hamilton Oil in 1991 .
The amount of gas to be brought onshore would be enough to provide electricity for half of Wales .
Construction took place in 1994 .
eni bought BHP Billiton 's interest in the Liverpool Bay Development in April 2014 .
The gas comes from the Triassic Ormskirk Sandstone Formation .
Operation .
It is just off the A548 , next to the North Wales Coast Line and run by eni Liverpool Bay Operating Company Ltd. eni Liverpool Bay Operating Company Ltd has offices at Llaneurgain House at Northop Country Park .
The nearest town is Prestatyn , to the west .
All the gas is piped to Connah 's Quay Power Station .
In the series of fields , the Douglas field is only an oil field .
Douglas Complex .
The Douglas Complex is from the Welsh coast .
It is powered by two 42MW gas turbines .
Gas is part - processed at the complex .
Gas fields .
These were previously owned by BHP Petroleum Great Britain plc , LASMO ( ULX ) Ltd and a small amount by Centrica .
The Centrica share was purchased by Eni UK Ltd , and the Lasmo share was owned by Eni ULX Ltd. eni now owns 100 % of this development after it purchased BHP Billiton 's shares in April 2014 .
Hamilton .
Discovered in June 1990 .
Production started in February 1997 .
Hamilton North .
Discovered in May 1991 .
Production started in December 1995 .
Hamilton East .
Discovered in December 1993 .
Lennox .
Discovered in July 1992 .
Production started in February 1996 .
Also an oil field .
Situated just off Southport .

Til My Casket Drops
Til My Casket Drops is the 4th studio album by American rapper C-Bo , released February 24 , 1998 on AWOL Records .
The album was produced by C-Bo , DJ Daryl , Mike Mosley , B. C. , One Drop Scott and Rick Rock .
It peaked at number 4 on the " Billboard " Top R&B/Hip - Hop Albums and at number 41 on the " Billboard " 200 .
Along with a single , a music video was produced for the song " Money by the Ton " featuring Mississippi .
The song peaked at #8 on the Bubbling Under R&B/Hip - Hop Singles chart , making it both C - bo and Mississippi 's only charting single to date .
The album features guest performances by Spice 1 , E-40 , Big Syke , Outlawz and X-Raided , as well as labelmates Killa Tay and Lunasicc .
Mob Figaz made their first appearance on the album .
It is one of his most popular albums to date .
West Coast Mafia Records , C-Bo 's own label , reissued " Til My Casket Drops " in 2002 .

Banasura Hill
Banasura Hill is the second tallest mountain in the Wayanad district of Kerala , India .
The hill is named after Banasura , a mythical character of Indian legends .
Geography .
Banasura Hill has an altitude of and is a part of the Western Ghats .
It lies off the state highway from Kuttiady to Mananthavady .
Mananthavady which lies 25 km away is the closest town and the closest state transport depot .
The closest National Highway is NH 212 that passes through Kalpetta which is about 37 km away .
Trekking Routes / Visitor Information .
One has to take a deviation at Vellamunda village and go via Pulinjal to reach the peak .
About 1.5 km from Pulinjal you pass by Banasura Hill Resort , unique for its earth architecture .
About 500 meters beyond the resort begins a treacherous but adventurous track .
Along the way there is a thunderous waterfall that locals call “ Meenmutty ” .
It ’s a good three hour climb to the top of the hill .
The view from there is spectacular .
Permission from the North Wayanad Forest Division office located at Mananthavady has to be obtained for trekking up Banasura Hill .
At the foot of the hill is the Banasura Sagar Dam , the largest earth dam in India .
The dam is another point from where one can start the trek up Banasura Hill .
Flora and Fauna .
The narrow trail that leads up to the top of the hill winds through thick tropical vegetation .
The flora includes some rare medicinal plants .
The fauna found en route consists of monkeys , wild boars , deer and wild elephants .
Tribes and History .
There are four tribal settlements at the foot of the Banasura Hill belonging largely to the Kurichiya tribe .
The Kurichiyas have a great martial tradition , and are experts with the bow and arrow .
When Kerala Varma Pazhassi Raja revolted against the British for imposing exorbitant tax on agricultural products , and fled to the forests of Wayanad to fight a long-drawn guerilla war against them , it was to these Kurichiya tribesmen that the Pazhassi Raja turned for support .
The Pazhassi Raja used their uncanny knowledge of the topography of the area to inflict grave and humiliating defeats on the British forces .
The rugged and thickly forested terrain around Banasura Hill with numerous caves , streams and water courses formed an ideal hiding place for the Pazhassi Raja .
It may not be inappropriate to mention that Banasura Hill must have stood as a silent spectator to the events leading up to the demise of the Pazhassi Raja .

Malepa Bolelang
Malepa Bolelang ( born 25 February 1982 ) is a Botswanan footballer who currently plays for Motlakase Power Dynamos .
He has won 20 caps for the Botswana national football team .

Bizeljsko
Bizeljsko ( ; ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia , close to the border with Croatia .
It lies on the right bank of the Sotla River and in terms of its territory is the largest settlement in the Municipality of Brežice .
The area was traditionally part of Styria .
It is now included in the Lower Sava Statistical Region .
It includes the hamlets of Bošt , Nimnik , Gradišče ( ) , Župjek , Spodnja Sušica ( ) , Zgornja Sušica ( ) , Janežičeva Gorca ( ) , Vrhovnica , and Vitna Vas ( ) .
Church .
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Lawrence and belongs to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Celje .
It is a Baroque building , erected between 1725 and 1737 on the site of an older structure of which only part of the belfry remains .
Anton Martin Slomšek was curate in Bizeljsko between 1825 and 1827 .
A second church to the northwest of the settlement is dedicated to Saint Vitus and is a 17th - century building that was vaulted in the 18th century .

Tiergarten ( park )
The Tiergarten ( formal German name : Großer Tiergarten ) , is an urban public park of Germany located in the middle of Berlin , completely in the district of same name .
The park is of ; and among urban gardens of Germany , only the " Englischer Garten " of Munich ( ) is larger .
History .
16th century .
The beginnings of the Tiergarten can be traced back to 1527 .
It was founded as a hunting area for the king , and was situated to the west of the Coelln city wall , which was the sister town of Old Berlin .
It also sat in the same vicinity as the Berlin Stadtschloss .
In 1530 the expansion began ; acres of land were purchased and the garden began to expand towards the north and west .
The total area extended beyond the current Tiergarten , and the forests were perfect for hunting deer and other wild animals .
The king had wild animals placed within the Tiergarten , which was fenced off from the outside to prevent the creatures from escaping , and was the main hunting ground for the electors of Brandenburg .
This king ’s hobby , however , began to fade away as the city of Berlin began to expand and the hunting area shrank to accommodate the growth .
17th–18th centuries .
Frederick I , Elector of Brandenburg from 1688 until 1713 , feeling the need to bring change to the hunting grounds , built many structures that are still visible today .
As the King was expanding Unter den Linden , a roadway that connected the Berlin Stadtschloss and the Tiergarten , he had a swath of forest removed in order to connect his castle to the newly built Charlottenburg Palace .
" Der Grosse Stern " , the central square of the Tiergarten , and the " Kurfuerstenplatz " , the electoral plaza , were added , with seven and eight boulevards , respectively .
This is seen as the beginning of a transformation in the Tiergarten , a movement from the king ’s personal hunting territory to a forest park designed for the people .
Frederick II did not appreciate the hunt as his predecessors did , and in 1742 he instructed the architect Georg Wenzeslaus von Knobelsdorff to tear down the fences that surrounded the territory and to turn the park into a " Lustgarten " , or , loosely translated , a " pleasure garden " , one that would be open to the people of Berlin .
In the baroque style popular at the time he added flowerbeds , borders and espaliers in geometrical layouts , along with mazes , water basins and ornamental ponds ; he also commissioned sculptures to add cultural significance .
Unique to the time period , areas of congregation called " salons " were established along the many different walkways in the park .
These salons were blocked off from the walking path by hedges or trees and often furnished with seating , fountains and vases , offering guests a change of pace and a place to discuss intellectual matters in private .
Such freedom was common under the rule of Frederick II ; there were even residents allowed to live within the Tiergarten .
Refuges , Huguenots in hiding from the French , were allowed to erect tents and sell refreshments to the pedestrians walking through the park .
A pheasant house was erected , which would later become the core of the Zoologischer Tiergarten , a zoo founded in 1844 that lies within the greater Tiergarten .
During the year of the revolution , 1848 , the park hosted another significant event , as the first assembly demanded the abolishment of the national censors .
19th century .
At the end of the eighteenth century , Knobeldorff ’s late - baroque form had been all but replaced by ideas for a new , scenic garden ideal .
The castle park Bellevue and Rousseau Island were laid out by court gardener Justus Ehrenreich Sello in the late 1700s .
It was then in 1818 that the king commissioned the help of Peter Joseph Lenné , a young man who was at the time the gardener ’s assistant at Sanssouci in Potsdam .
His plans involved the creation of a rural " Volkspark " , or peoples park , that would also serve as a sort of Prussian national park that would help lift the spirits of those who visited .
However , the King Frederick William III rejected Lenné ’s plan .
Against the opposition of a hesitant bureaucracy , Lenné submitted a modified version of his concept .
This plan was accepted and realized between 1833 and 1840 .
The park was modeled after English gardens , but Lenné made sure to pay attention to Knobelsdorff ’s structures and layouts .
By draining forests areas he allowed for more footpaths , roadways , and bridal paths to be laid down .
Several features became characteristic components of the Tiergarten .
Wide-open grass lawns traversed by streams and clusters of trees , lakes with small islands , countless bridges like the Löwenbrücke , and a multitude of pathways became distinguishing features of the new garden .
Up until 1881 , the Tiergarten was owned by the monarchy , and came under the direct control of the king .
Soon after the king abolished his rights to the forest , he added the boundaries to the district of Berlin , so that the people may use and uphold it .
However , until the middle of the twentieth century , the Tiergarten remained in the style that Lenné had left it in .
The biggest changes came in the form of nationalistic memorials that began construction in 1849 .
These monuments were seen as patriotic contributions to the culture of the Tiergarten .
The Siegesallee , or " Victory Avenue " , could be considered the most famous addition .
Built under the orders of Kaiser William II , It was lined with statues of former Prussian royal figures of varying historical importance .
" Prachtboulevard " , or the magnificence boulevard , was added in 1895 and became the area known as the Königsplatz , which would later become Platz der Republik .
The park is covered in statues commemorating those famous to the Prussians and the activities they enjoyed doing .
Animal statues are to be found throughout the park , playing the counterpart to the stone hunters that also inhabit the area .
Built by famous sculptor Friedrich Drake , a statue to Queen Louise , beloved queen of the Prussians , is also to be found here alongside her husband , Friedrich Wilhelm III .
Statues of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe , Gotthold Ephraim Lessing , Heinrich Theodor Fontane , Wilhelm Richard Wagner and Gustav Albert Lortzing were also erected .
The " Komponistendenkmal " , or the Beethoven - Haydn - Mozart Memorial , is another example of how the Germans wanted to respect and honor the men and women who gave them a unique culture .
20th century .
Under Nazi control .
The Nazi party took control in 1933 , causing a dramatic change of idealism .
This change was not just social ; in fact , Hitler had planned the complete innovation of the city of Berlin .
" Welthauptstadt Germania " , or World Capital Germania , was the idea the Nazis wanted to bring to fruition .
The Tiergarten was to be a central location in the new city .
The Charlottenburger Chaussee , today known as the Straße des 17 .
Juni , was to be the central line between the east and west , and was widened from 27 to 53 meters , the same width as the current street .
The Berlin victory column was also moved to the Grosser Stern , where it remains to this day .
The Second World War caused significant damage to the Tiergarten and its various cultural elements .
Many statues were destroyed or damaged ; some of the statues still need minor repair .
After the war , the Tiergarten underwent a sudden , violent change .
Much of the wooded area was felled and turned to firewood due to the shortage of coal , and the now empty fields were turned into temporary farmland by order of the British occupational troops in the region ; there were around 2,550 plots of land available for growing potatoes and vegetables .
However , these two factors caused the once great forest to nearly disappear ; only 700 trees survived out of over 200,000 that once lined the parkway , the bodies of water turned silty , every bridge was destroyed , the monuments lie on their sides , badly damaged .
Plans to fill the waterways with debris from the war were also suggested , but were prevented by the head of the Berlin Central Office of Environmental Planning , Reinhold Lingner .
In 1945 , almost directly after the fall of Berlin , the Soviets erected a monument for the fallen soldiers of the Red Army on the north side of the current Straße des 17 .
Juni .
Situated less than a mile away from the Reichstag , It was built in such short notice that it sat in West Berlin , which belonged to the British , Americans and French .
When the wall went up around East Berlin , the monument became inaccessible to the people for whom it was built .
According to testimony reported in the 1995 documentary film " On the Desperate Edge of Now " , statues of historical military figures from the park were buried by Berlin citizens in the grounds of the nearby Bellevue Palace in order to prevent their destruction by the occupying American forces .
They were not recovered until 1993 .
Restoration .
On June 2 , 1945 , the Berlin Magistrate decided they would restore the Greater Tiergarten .
The first suggestions came in 1946/47 .
Reinhold Lingner and Georg Pniower , Professor of Garden Design at Berlin University , were the first to offer plans , but both were rejected during the division of Berlin by the Allied powers .
Instead , they decided to follow the plans of the Tiergarten Director Willi Alverdes , whose plan seemed to be a more pragmatic approach ; instead of rebuilding the park in a new fashion , Alverdes plans depended on the existing design of the park .
He wanted to establish a tranquil , spacious park where one could relax and recover .
Being called a crisis , the Tiergarten was reforested between 1949 and 1959 .
On March 17 , 1949 , the Lord Mayor Ernst Reuter planted the first tree , a linden , to signify the beginning of the restoration .
West Germany took over the operation and sponsorship ; about 250,000 young trees were delivered to the former capital from all over the Bundesrepublik , even being delivered via plane during the Berlin Blockade .
Alverdes ’ concept did away with the pre-existing baroque - styled structures in the park , claiming the style was not in keeping with the period .
The combination of baroque and regional art was tossed out .
Being a very natural park landscape , the Tiergarten was a very important area for rest and relaxation for the West Berliners , who were separated from their homeland by the Berlin Wall .
Several buildings have been added to the area surrounding the park , many of which were constructed by foreign architects .
The Kongresshalle is a prime example .
It began construction in 1956 under the initiative of Eleanor Dulles as an American contribution to the Interbau , an International Architecture Exhibition employed to exhibit new social , cultural , and ecological ideas in architecture .
Today .
The Tiergarten ’s culture began to stagnate until the fall of the Berlin Wall and the GDR in 1989 .
After the reunification of East and West Berlin in 1990 , many of the outskirts of the park changed drastically .
For instance , along the streets that border the southern boundary of the park , dilapidated embassy buildings that had stood for decades were reoccupied and others were rebuilt from the ground up , such as the Nordic embassies .
On the northern border the new German Chancellery was built , along with office buildings for the everyday work of the delegates .
The Reichstag was refurbished with a new , glass dome that has become a popular tourist attraction .
Several overgrown areas that had been used for picnics and soccer were replaced with open spaces and grassy lawns that have added to the prestige of the park .
Due to its status as a garden memorial of the city of Berlin , encroachment onto the Tiergarten from businesses and residents has been illegal since 1991 .
A large tunnel has been built under the Tiergarten , allowing easy movement from north to south for motor vehicles , streetcars , and , more recently , subway trains .
The original proposal for the tunnel was met with great opposition from environmentalists , who believed the vegetation would be damaged due to shifts in ground-water levels ; in fact , the first plans for construction were denied by a court order .
In the northerly neighbouring quarter of Moabit a much smaller park bears the same name , thus both are differentiated as Großer and Kleiner Tiergarten .
Tiergarten has around 210 Hectares and after , it is the second biggest parkland in Berlin and the third biggest inner-city parkland in Germany .
Geography .
The park is located on the northern and central side of Tiergarten " Ortsteil " and is bordered , on the northern side , by the river Spree .
The little quarter Hansaviertel borders on it at the north-western side and the Zoological Garden is situated on the south-western side .
The principal road is the " Straße des 17 .
Juni " which ends , in the east , at the Brandenburg Gate .
Other main roads are the " Altonaer Straße " , " Spreeweg " and " Hofjägerallee " .
In the middle of the park is the square named " Großer Stern " ( " Great Star " ) with the " Siegessäule " ( Victory column ) located in its centre .
In addition to the Brandenburg Gate , other notable buildings and structures located close to the park are the Soviet War Memorial , the Reichstag , the Bundestag ( all in the eastern borders ) , the new central railway station ( in the north ) and , on the southeastern borders , the Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe , the Memorial to the Sinti and Roma victims of National Socialism and the central square of Potsdamer Platz .
Transport .
The park is principally served by the " S-Bahn " at the rail stops of Berlin Tiergarten ( situated at the western entrance on the " Straße des 17 .
Juni " ) and Berlin Bellevue .

Mmusa Ohilwe
Mmusa Ohilwe ( born 17 April 1986 ) is a Botswanan footballer who currently plays for Extension Gunners in the Botswana Premier League .
He has won twenty-nine caps for the Botswana national football team .
Club career .
Mmusa started his career in the Botswana Premier League at Botswana Meat Commission ( BMC FC ) in 2005 and later switched Township Rollers in 2007 where he spent two seasons before going back to BMC where he started his career .
With his defensive abilities highly regarded , Ohilwe went on trial to Greece before returning home to join Gaborone United Gaborone United then BMC again before switching to Extension Gunners in January 2014 after returning from Vietnam where he had a successful trail but could not make a move due to administrative issues .
International career .
He has featured in the national team twenty nine times to date and he was a member of the team that made history by being the first team to qualify for the African Nations Cup for the first time in 2012 .

Tabon Island ( Chile )
Tabon Island , or Isla Tabón , is part of the Calbuco Archipelago , located in Chile .
At high tide the water level covers the pebble ridges that connect the island 's peaks , dividing it into three sub - islands : Lin , Ilto , and Polmalluelhe .

Ontse Ntesa
Ontse Ntesa ( born 24 October 1989 in Selibe Phikwe ) is a Botswana footballer who currently plays for ECCO City Green .
International career .
He has won five caps for the Botswana national football team .

Tabon , Aklan
Tabon Island is an island located in the province of Aklan in the Republic of Philippines .
The island is enclosed in " Tinagong Dagat " ( Hidden sea ) , a bay in the province with a narrow opening to the Sibuyan Sea .
Tabon is an island - barangay , one of the twenty barangays of the historic municipality of Batan in Aklan , the home of the alleged Datu Kalantiaw in pre-colonial Philippines .
The barangay has a population of 902 as of August 1 , 2007 .

Tabon Island
Tabon Island may refer to :

Donga River
The Donga River is a river in Nigeria and Cameroon .
The river arises from the Mambilla Plateau in southeastern Nigeria , forms part of the international border between Nigeria and Cameroon , and flows northwest to eventually merge with the Benue River in Nigeria .
The Donga watershed is in area .
At its peak , near the Benue the river delivers of water per second .
In Taraba State , Nigeria , there are three forest reserves , Baissa , Amboi and Bissaula River , in the Donga river basin .
They lie on the slopes and at the foot of the Mambilla Plateau , south-west of Gashaka-Gumti National Park .

Mosimanegape Ramoshibidu
Mosimanegape Ramoshibidu is a Botswana footballer who currently plays for Botswana Meat Commission .
He has won seven caps for the Botswana national football team .

Rain Fall
is a 2009 Japanese / Australian action thriller film written and directed by Max Mannix .
In the film a half-Japanese half-American hitman protects the daughter of one of his victims against the CIA .
It was based on the novel " Rain Fall " by Barry Eisler .
Plot summary .
In Tokyo , a minister of public works is rumored to be taking evidence of corruption to a reporter : the CIA , the yakuza , and others want to grab the information and use it to squeeze the government .
On the subway trip to meet the reporter , the official is murdered , but it looks like a heart attack .
However , no one , including the murderer , can find the flash drive with the evidence .
Now the CIA , gangsters , and the city police are searching .
The dead official 's daughters are in danger : the shadowy John Rain , ex - special forces and perhaps now in league with North Korea , tries to stay one step ahead as he looks for the flash drive and protects one of the daughters .
Reception .
The overall reception of the film has been mixed to negative .
M. Downing Roberts for the Midnight Eye review site said that " Fans of big-budget action will likely not be satisfied , but Rain Fall begins , albeit tentatively , to chart the territory for a different sort of thriller .
In a future installment , one can hope that it might press further .
" Another reviewer points out that " it might be a tough sell for North American audiences , as it boldly paints the United States government as an indescribably evil organization that will do whatever it takes to exploit a shaky political situation .
And while this scenario posed no problems for me , I understand why Sony decided to produce the picture in Japan . "

Djoua River
The Djoua River is a tributary of the Ivindo River in Gabon and the Republic of the Congo .
The river arises in the Congo and flows west , forming part of the international boundary between the two countries .

List of consorts of Enghien
Lady of Enghien .
This is a list of the counts of Enghien .
In 1394 Enghien goes to John of Luxembourg , Sire of Beauvois , husband of Marguerite d' Enghien .
In 1482 Enghien goes to Francis , Count of Vendôme , husband of Marie of Luxembourg and thus the house of Bourbon - Condé .

Departmental secretary
In the administration of government in Australia , a departmental secretary , or more commonly a Secretary , is the most senior public servant of a Commonwealth or state government department , charged with leading the department on a day-to-day basis .
Role .
A departmental secretary is the non-political non-elected public servant heads ( and " responsible officers " ) of government departments , who generally hold their position for a number of years .
A departmental secretary works closely with the elected government minister that oversees the Commonwealth department or state government department in order to bring about policy and program initiatives that the government of day was elected to achieve .
A departmental secretary works with other departments and agencies to ensure the delivery of services and programs within the nominated area of responsibility .
The secretary is also known as the chief executive of the department ; the position is similar to director general in other states and other jurisdictions or chief executive officer ( CEO ) in a private company .
In the Australian government , Secretaries are the responsible officers for departments , meaning that they are answerable to the Australian Parliament for ensuring that the department performs the functions assigned to it and spends money appropriately , as granted by the Parliament .
Secretaries are frequently called for questioning by the Joint Committee of Public Accounts and Audit , the House of Representatives committees and the Senate committees .
Appointment and termination .
The requires the Secretary of the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet to provide a report to the Prime Minister of the day about the suitability of potential candidates as departmental secretary .
The report is prepared in conjunction with the Public Service Commissioner .
Appointments and terminations as departmental secretary are made by the Governor-General on the advice of the Prime Minister ; under Sections 58 and 59 respectively of the " Act " .
Since the removal of tenure under Prime Minister Paul Keating , departmental secretaries are generally aware that while dismissals are not common , following a change of government , failure to re-appoint a secretary is certainly a frequent occurrence .
In the first Rudd government , secretaries were appointed for a five-year term ; prior to this a term of three years was common .
In 1999 , the sought to remove Paul Barratt as Secretary of the Department of Defence after Barratt fell out of favour with his Minister .
Despite being offered a diplomatic post , Barratt refused to vacate the role and commenced legal action , claiming unfair dismissal and that the government had failed to follow due process .
Barratt had a temporary stay , but was dismissed within 14 days , and subsequently lost , on appeal in the Federal Court .
The most senior Commonwealth public servant is the Secretary of the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet , currently Dr Ian Watt .
In Victoria .
In the Government of the state of Victoria , the most senior government departmental secretary is the Secretary of the Department of Premier and Cabinet , currently Chris Eccles .
Current Australian government departmental secretaries .
There are currently 22 individuals in Australian government departments with the grade of Secretary , though not all use these titles .

Bobby Martin
Bobby Martin may refer to :

Chaullin Island ( Chiloe )
Chaullin Island is part of the Chiloé Archipelago in Chile .

Bethlehem Airport
Bethlehem Airport is an airport serving Bethlehem , a town in the Free State province in South Africa .
Facilities .
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level .
It has two runways : 11/29 has an asphalt surface measuring and 13/31 with a grass surface measuring .

Chaullin Island ( Calbuco )
Chaullin Island ( Helvecia Island ) is an islet part of the Calbuco Archipelago and located between the Putuqui Island and the West shore of the Reloncaví Sound .

Bloomington Airport
Bloomington Airport may refer to :

Chaullin Island
Chaullin Island may refer to :

Moreetsi Mosimanyana
Moreetsi Mosimanyana is a Botswanan footballer who currently plays for Notwane FC .
He has won one cap for the Botswana national football team .

Grunewald ( forest )
Grunewald ( Grünewald ( with umlaut ) is German for Greenwood ) is a German forest located in the western side of Berlin on the east side of the Havel , mainly in the Grunewald locality .
At it is the largest green area in the city of Berlin .
Geography .
The forest occupies , in the western side , 3/4 of Grunewald locality , a little bit in south of Westend ( both in Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf borough ) ; a great part of Nikolassee , the northern side of Zehlendorf and the north-western bit of Dahlem ( all 3 in Steglitz-Zehlendorf borough ) .
Is it not too far from the borders with Wannsee and its lake , from the Düppel forest and is divided by the Havel river from the localities of Kladow , Gatow and Wilhelmstadt ( all in Spandau borough ) .
It also borders with the locality of Schmargendorf .
In the area , by the Havel , there are located two islets ( Lindwerder and Schwanenwerder ) and a little peninsula ( Schildhorn ) ; and the tallest point is the hill of Teufelsberg , with amsl .
In the north it borders with the " Funkturm Berlin " ( radio tower ) and the " Messe Berlin " ( the trade show ) .
Other than the river Havel and part of the Großer Wannsee lake , the forest is rich in lakes and ponds .
The biggest are the Schlachtensee , Krumme Lanke , the Grunewaldsee and the Hundekehlesee .
These lakes are located on the western borders of the forest and linked by a canal .
The other lakes are the Riemeisterfenn ( between Krumme Lanke and Grunewaldsee ) , the Teufelsee ( in central - north area ) , Pechsee and Barssee ( both in the middle of the forest ) .
Natural environment .
The natural environment of the Grunewald shows an extended forest , mainly composed of conifers and betulaceae .
Some areas are forbidden to visitors as nature reserves ( " Naturschutzgebiet " ) to protect the local fauna ( especially amphibians and birds ) .
Transport .
The area is served by the " S-Bahn " line S7 at Berlin Grunewald railway station , located at the main entrance of the forest .
It is also traversed by the AVUS road , now part of the BAB 115 motorway .
Grunewald borders could be reached also at other " S-Bahn " stations : Berlin Nikolassee ( S1 + S7 ) , Berlin Schlachtensee ( S1 ) , Berlin Heerstraße ( S3 + S75 ) , Berlin Pichelsberg ( S3 + S75 ) .
The south-eastern borders are linked by two " U-Bahn " stations : Krumme Lanke and Onkel Toms Hütte ( both on U3 line ) .

Aghalard Castle
Aghalard Castle ( ) is a ruined tower castle south of Castlebar , County Mayo , Ireland .
Built in c.1490 by the descendants of the McDonnells of Knocknacloy who had become Gallóglaigh to the Burkes of Mayo .
The castle consisted of a three-storey tower with square turrets , enclosed by a bawn .
The castle was captured in 1596 by Edward Brabazon , 1st Baron Ardee , Ulick Burke , 3rd Earl of Clanricarde and James Riabhach Darcy , however it was evacuated shortly afterwards upon hearing of the approach of Hugh Roe Ó Donnell .
It remained in possession of the McDonnells until bought by Sir Benjamin Guinness in the 19th century .

Blatno , Brežice
Blatno ( ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
The area was traditionally part of Styria .
It is now included in the Lower Sava Statistical Region .
Churches .
There are two churches in the settlement .
The first one is dedicated to Saint Bartholomew ( ) and belongs to the Parish of Pišece .
It was built in 1693 .
The belfry dates to 1696 .
Another church .
The second one , built north of the settlement on the border with the territory of the neighbouring settlement of Piršenbreg , is dedicated to Saint Barbara .
It also belongs to the Parish of Pišece .
It was built in the 17th century .

Anstee
Anstee is a surname , and may refer to

Gobonyeone Selefa
Gobonyeone Selefa is a Botswanan footballer who currently plays for Mochudi Centre Chiefs .
He has won two caps for the Botswana national football team .

Abtao Island
Abtao Island is part of Chiloé Archipelago , Chile .
The battle of Abtao took place near the island .

Ofentse Nato
Ofentse Nato ( born 1 October 1989 ) is a Botswana footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for South African Premier Soccer League club Mpumalanga Black Aces on loan form Bidvest Wits , and Botswana .
He began his professional career at a Botswana local team Gaborone United .
After spending four years at the club , he joined South African club Bidvest Wits in July 2012 on a two-year deal .
Nato joined Mpumalanga Black Aces on loan for the 2013–14 PSL season .
In 2014 it was announced that he will be loaned out to the Spanish capital , where he will join the defending Spanish champions on a two-year loan deal .
However , he ’ll be loaned out to Madrid ’s satellite club in the Indian Premier Soccer League , Atletico de Kolkata , for a 12 - week period on his arrival , where he will be under the guidance of former Wits and Mamelodi Sundowns coach , Antonio Habas .
Following his spell in India , the 25 - year - old is expected to return to Spain , where he will be loaned out to a smaller Spanish team , play for Atletico ’s B-team or go on loan elsewhere in Europe .
The two clubs are at an advanced stage of negotiations , and the finer details are being ironed out , with the deal expected to be concluded soon .

Abtao
Abtao may refer to :

Horst Rudat
Horst Rudat ( born 3 May 1920 in Wirtkallen , district Insterburg , East Prussia ; died 31 August 1982 in Laaber / Waldelzerberg ) was a German World War II " Luftwaffe " bomber pilot .
After the war he joined the Bundeswehr and attained the rank of Generalmajor .
In the weeks following Operation Overlord , the Allied invasion of France , " Hauptmann " Rudat was tasked with the leadership of a task force in 2 ./Kampfgeschwader 101 .
The task force was experimenting with the Mistel , a " Luftwaffe " aircraft bombing system , based broadly on the parasite aircraft concept .
Rudat led a formation of 4 Mistel aircraft against the invasion fleet of off Normandy in the night of 24/25 June 1944 .
The HMS " Nith " , a British " River Class " frigate , was damaged killing nine of her crew .

The Pines ( Lyons Falls , New York )
" The Pines " is a historic home and related dependencies located at Lyons Falls in Lewis County , New York .
The main house was built about 1860 and is a timber frame , flat - roofed , vernacular Italianate style residence .
It consists of a two - story , five - bay main block with two , two story wings .
Also on the property are a maple sap boiling house / woodshed ( ca .
1930 ) ; carriage house / garage ( ca .
1880 ) ; main barn ( ca .
1890 ) ; woodshed ( ca .
1890 ) ; and workshop / shed ( ca .
1910 ) .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007 .

Mpoeleng Mpoeleng
Mpoeleng Mpoeleng is a Botswana footballer who currently plays for Mochudi Centre Chiefs .
He has won one cap for the Botswana national football team .

Nicole Aubrey
Nicole Aubrey or Obry was a young married woman , 15 or 16 years of age , who was publicly exorcised in 1566 in the French city of Laon .
Occurring during the French Wars of Religion , the so-called Miracle of Laon was almost immediately seized upon for polemic by proponents of the Counter - Reformation , and it is from those polemics that the account survives .
Events leading up to the exorcism .
In the aftermath of the Edict of Amboise , tensions between Catholics and Huguenots remained high in France , including in the city of Laon , which lay in the domain of the Prince of Conde , a Protestant .
In November 1565 , Nicole Obry , a resident of Vervins , became so sick she was unable to eat , and claimed to be possessed by an evil spirit that she thought was the ghost of her deceased grandfather .
Her family obtained the services of a Dominican priest , Pierre de la Motte , who attempted to exorcise the young woman .
He rid her of a number of demons , who promptly " fled to Geneva , " the center of the Calvinist movement .
The chief demon , however , who identified himself as " Beelzebub , the Prince of the Huguenots , " refused to leave for any personage less than the Bishop of Laon .
On 4 January 1566 Bishop Jean de Bours arrived in Vervins but was unable to exorcise the demon .
On 29 January the Bishop led a procession to the cathedral of Laon , where the demon engaged in a theological discourse with the Bishop , alleging that the Huguenots were cruel and infidel , that they stole the communion wafer , cut it up , boiled it , and burned the pieces .
According to " Beelzebub , " the Huguenots would do more evil to Jesus Christ than the Jews had done .
After daily processions to the cathedral , on 8 February , the " miracle of Laon " occurred when the bishop held up the communion wafer , and drove the remaining demons from Obry 's body .
Effect on the Wars of Religion .
Within months of the event , multiple eyewitness accounts had been published and spread throughout Europe .
For Catholics , the exorcism was a miracle and proof of the real presence of Christ in the Eucharist : a refutation of Protestant heresy .
For Protestants , the event was an obvious hoax , and Louis , the Prince of Conde imprisoned Obry until he was ordered to free her by Charles IX .
Louis , believing that persecution of Protestants was imminent , attempted to overthrow Charles , and war broke out again .

Professional support lawyer
The Professional Support Lawyer ( PSL ) position has its origins in the United Kingdom and is essentially a central resource for research within a given practice area .
PSLs primarily operate in large law firms and support the wider division through provision of key cases , legislation and practical working knowledge , thereby reducing the amount of research time needed to deal with matters .
The PSL is usually a senior position ( at the senior associate or partner level ) .
Apart from practical guidance , PSLs also involve themselves with support functions such as case strategy .
Specific Roles .
The PSL role may also include new firm-wide role elements such as :

BAP Abtao ( SS-42 )
BAP " Abtao " ( SS-42 ) was a of the Peruvian Navy .
The submarine was built by the Electric Boat Company at Groton , Connecticut and delivered on 1 March 1954 .
She initially served as " Tiburón " ( " Shark " ) , but was renamed " Abtao " in April 1957 .
Originally assigned pennant number 5 , in 1959 she was designated SS-2 , then renumbered SS-42 in 1960 .
The submarine was decommissioned in 1998 and became a museum ship in 2004 .

Gas pistol
A gas pistol is a non-lethal weapon used for self-defense and other purposes .
It is typically a close - to - exact replica or conversion of a real handgun made to be able to fire tear gas cartridges only .
Effective range is up to 4.5 metres depending on caliber .
For legal purposes various techniques are used during manufacture / conversion to prevent the use of live ammunition , such as using calibers exclusive to gas cartridges , welding obstacles into a non - removable barrel and using malleable metal alloys .
Gas pistols are prevalent in European countries with strict gun control laws .
Gas pistols are also used in weapons training , and as starting pistols , flare guns , and movie props .
Calibers .
Most popular calibers are the 9 mm Knall ( 9x17 mm R K , 9 mm R K , .380 Knall ) for revolvers and the 9 mm PAK ( 9x22 mm ) for semi - automatic .
Other types include the .315 Knall , 8 mm Knall ( 8x20 mm ) , .22 Lang Knall , .45 Short Knall ( .45 Knall ) and the 6 mm percussion cap , loaded with 20–120 mg of CN gas , CS gas , CR gas ( available only in Russia ) , OC ( pepper ) agents , or blanks .

Goya Award for Best Adapted Screenplay
The Goya Award for Best Adapted Screenplay ( Spanish " Premio Goya al mejor guión adaptado " ) is one of the Goya Awards , Spain 's principal national film awards .

Bojsno
Bojsno ( ; ) is a village in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
The area was traditionally part of Styria .
It is now included in the Lower Sava Statistical Region .
The settlement includes the hamlets of Spodnje Bojsno ( ) , Zgornje Bojsno ( ) , Pesjak , Makovce ( ) , and Vogence .

Abtao - class submarine
The " Abtao " class were four submarines of the Peruvian Navy .
Initially known as the " Lobo " class , they were modified U.S. "Mackerel " class , 825 tons standard , 1,400 tons submerged .

Indiana Guard
Indiana Guard may refer to :

Kemmy Pilato
Kemmy Pilato ( born 18 May 1989 in Tutume ) is a Botswana footballer who currently plays for BMC Lobatse .
Career .
Club .
He left on 9 July 2011 his club Extension Gunners and joined to League rival Botswana Meat Commission FC .
International .
He won one cap for the Botswana national football team in 2009 .

Truth table
A truth table is a mathematical table used in logic — specifically in connection with Boolean algebra , boolean functions , and propositional calculus — to compute the functional values of logical expressions on each of their functional arguments , that is , on each combination of values taken by their logical variables ( Enderton , 2001 ) .
In particular , truth tables can be used to tell whether a propositional expression is true for all legitimate input values , that is , logically valid .
Practically , a truth table is composed of one column for each input variable ( for example , A and B ) , and one final column for all of the possible results of the logical operation that the table is meant to represent ( for example , A XOR B ) .
Each row of the truth table therefore contains one possible configuration of the input variables ( for instance , A=true B=false ) , and the result of the operation for those values .
See the examples below for further clarification .
Ludwig Wittgenstein is often credited with their invention in the " Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus " , though they appeared at least a year earlier in a paper on propositional logic by Emil Leon Post .
Unary operations .
There are 4 unary operations : Logical identity .
Logical identity is an operation on one logical value , typically the value of a proposition , that produces a value of " true " if its operand is true and a value of " false " if its operand is false .
The truth table for the logical identity operator is as follows : Logical negation .
Logical negation is an operation on one logical value , typically the value of a proposition , that produces a value of " true " if its operand is false and a value of " false " if its operand is true .
The truth table for NOT p ( also written as ¬ p , Np , Fpq , or ~ p ) is as follows : Binary operations .
There are 16 possible truth functions of two binary variables : Truth table for all binary logical operators .
Here is a truth table giving definitions of all 16 of the possible truth functions of two binary variables ( P and Q are thus boolean variables : information about notation may be found in Bocheński ( 1959 ) , Enderton ( 2001 ) , and Quine ( 1982 ) ; for details about the operators see the Key below ) : where T = true and F = false .
The Com row indicates whether an operator , op , is commutative - P op Q = Q op P. The L id row shows the operator 's left identities if it has any - values I such that I op Q = Q .
The R id row shows the operator 's right identities if it has any - values I such that P op I = P. The four combinations of input values for p , q , are read by row from the table above .
The output function for each p , q combination , can be read , by row , from the table .
Key : The key is oriented by column , rather than row .
There are four columns rather than four rows , to display the four combinations of p , q , as input .
p : T T F F q : T F T F There are 16 rows in this key , one row for each binary function of the two binary variables , p , q .
For example , in row 2 of this Key , the value of Converse nonimplication ( 'formula_1 ' ) is solely T , for the column denoted by the unique combination p = F , q = T; while in row 2 , the value of that ' formula_1 ' operation is F for the three remaining columns of p , q .
The output row for formula_1 is thus 2 : F F T F and the 16 - row key is Logical operators can also be visualized using Venn diagrams .
Logical conjunction ( AND ) .
Logical conjunction is an operation on two logical values , typically the values of two propositions , that produces a value of " true " if both of its operands are true .
The truth table for p AND q ( also written as p ∧ q , Kpq , p & q , or p formula_4 q ) is as follows : In ordinary language terms , if both " p " and " q " are true , then the conjunction " p " ∧ " q " is true .
For all other assignments of logical values to " p " and to " q " the conjunction " p " ∧ " q " is false .
It can also be said that if " p " , then " p " ∧ " q " is " q" , otherwise " p " ∧ " q " is " p " .
Logical disjunction ( OR ) .
Logical disjunction is an operation on two logical values , typically the values of two propositions , that produces a value of " true " if at least one of its operands is true .
The truth table for p OR q ( also written as p ∨ q , Apq , p | | q , or p + q ) is as follows : Stated in English , if " p " , then " p " ∨ " q " is " p " , otherwise " p " ∨ " q " is " q " .
Logical implication .
Logical implication or the material conditional are both associated with an operation on two logical values , typically the values of two propositions , that produces a value of " false " just in the singular case the first operand is true and the second operand is false .
The truth table associated with the material conditional if p then q ( symbolized as p → q ) and the logical implication p implies q ( symbolized as p ⇒ q , or Cpq ) is as follows : It may also be useful to note that p → q is equivalent to ¬ p ∨ q .
Logical equality .
Logical equality ( also known as biconditional ) is an operation on two logical values , typically the values of two propositions , that produces a value of " true " if both operands are false or both operands are true .
The truth table for p XNOR q ( also written as p ↔ q , Epq , p = q , or p ≡ q ) is as follows : So p EQ q is true if p and q have the same truth value ( both true or both false ) , and false if they have different truth values .
Exclusive disjunction .
Exclusive disjunction is an operation on two logical values , typically the values of two propositions , that produces a value of " true " if one but not both of its operands is true .
The truth table for p XOR q ( also written as p ⊕ q , Jpq , or p ≠ q ) is as follows : For two propositions , XOR can also be written as ( p ∧ ¬ q ) ∨ ( ¬ p ∧ q ) .
Logical NAND .
The logical NAND is an operation on two logical values , typically the values of two propositions , that produces a value of " false " if both of its operands are true .
In other words , it produces a value of " true " if at least one of its operands is false .
The truth table for p NAND q ( also written as p ↑ q , Dpq , or p | q ) is as follows : It is frequently useful to express a logical operation as a compound operation , that is , as an operation that is built up or composed from other operations .
Many such compositions are possible , depending on the operations that are taken as basic or " primitive " and the operations that are taken as composite or " derivative " .
In the case of logical NAND , it is clearly expressible as a compound of NOT and AND .
The negation of a conjunction : ¬ ( " p " ∧ " q " ) , and the disjunction of negations : ( ¬ " p " ) ∨ ( ¬ " q " ) can be tabulated as follows : Logical NOR .
The logical NOR is an operation on two logical values , typically the values of two propositions , that produces a value of " true " if both of its operands are false .
In other words , it produces a value of " false " if at least one of its operands is true .
↓ is also known as the Peirce arrow after its inventor , Charles Sanders Peirce , and is a Sole sufficient operator .
The truth table for p NOR q ( also written as p ↓ q , Xpq , ¬ ( p ∨ q ) ) is as follows : The negation of a disjunction ¬ ( " p " ∨ " q " ) , and the conjunction of negations ( ¬ " p " ) ∧ ( ¬ " q " ) can be tabulated as follows : Inspection of the tabular derivations for NAND and NOR , under each assignment of logical values to the functional arguments " p " and " q" , produces the identical patterns of functional values for ¬ ( " p " ∧ " q " ) as for ( ¬ " p " ) ∨ ( ¬ " q " ) , and for ¬ ( " p " ∨ " q " ) as for ( ¬ " p " )
∧ ( ¬ " q " ) .
Thus the first and second expressions in each pair are logically equivalent , and may be substituted for each other in all contexts that pertain solely to their logical values .
This equivalence is one of De Morgan 's laws .
Applications .
Truth tables can be used to prove many other logical equivalences .
For example , consider the following truth table : This demonstrates the fact that " p " → " q " is logically equivalent to ¬ " p " ∨ " q " .
Truth table for most commonly used logical operators .
Here is a truth table giving definitions of the most commonly used 6 of the 16 possible truth functions of 2 binary variables ( P , Q are thus boolean variables ) : Key : Logical operators can also be visualized using Venn diagrams .
Condensed truth tables for binary operators .
For binary operators , a condensed form of truth table is also used , where the row headings and the column headings specify the operands and the table cells specify the result .
For example Boolean logic uses this condensed truth table notation : This notation is useful especially if the operations are commutative , although one can additionally specify that the rows are the first operand and the columns are the second operand .
This condensed notation is particularly useful in discussing multi - valued extensions of logic , as it significantly cuts down on combinatoric explosion of the number of rows otherwise needed .
It also provides for quickly recognizable characteristic " shape " of the distribution of the values in the table which can assist the reader in grasping the rules more quickly .
Truth tables in digital logic .
Truth tables are also used to specify the functionality of hardware look-up tables ( LUTs ) in digital logic circuitry .
For an n-input LUT , the truth table will have 2 ^ " n " values ( or rows in the above tabular format ) , completely specifying a boolean function for the LUT .
By representing each boolean value as a bit in a binary number , truth table values can be efficiently encoded as integer values in electronic design automation ( EDA ) software .
For example , a 32 - bit integer can encode the truth table for a LUT with up to 5 inputs .
When using an integer representation of a truth table , the output value of the LUT can be obtained by calculating a bit index " k " based on the input values of the LUT , in which case the LUT 's output value is the " k " th bit of the integer .
For example , to evaluate the output value of a LUT given an array of " n " boolean input values , the bit index of the truth table 's output value can be computed as follows : if the " i " th input is true , let V"i " = 1 , else let V"i " = 0 .
Then the " k " th bit of the binary representation of the truth table is the LUT 's output value , where " k " = V0 * 2 ^ 0 + V1*2 ^ 1 + V2 * 2 ^ 2 + ... + V " n " * 2 ^ " n " .
Truth tables are a simple and straightforward way to encode boolean functions , however given the exponential growth in size as the number of inputs increase , they are not suitable for functions with a large number of inputs .
Other representations which are more memory efficient are text equations and binary decision diagrams .
Applications of truth tables in digital electronics .
In digital electronics and computer science ( fields of applied logic engineering and mathematics ) , truth tables can be used to reduce basic boolean operations to simple correlations of inputs to outputs , without the use of logic gates or code .
For example , a binary addition can be represented with the truth table : This truth table is read left to right : Note that this table does not describe the logic operations necessary to implement this operation , rather it simply specifies the function of inputs to output values .
With respect to the result , this example may be arithmetically viewed as modulo 2 binary addition , and as logically equivalent to the exclusive - or ( exclusive disjunction ) binary logic operation .
In this case it can be used for only very simple inputs and outputs , such as 1s and 0s .
However , if the number of types of values one can have on the inputs increases , the size of the truth table will increase .
For instance , in an addition operation , one needs two operands , A and B. Each can have one of two values , zero or one .
The number of combinations of these two values is 2 × 2 , or four .
So the result is four possible outputs of C and R. If one were to use base 3 , the size would increase to 3 × 3 , or nine possible outputs .
The first " addition " example above is called a half - adder .
A full - adder is when the carry from the previous operation is provided as input to the next adder .
Thus , a truth table of eight rows would be needed to describe a full adder 's logic : History .
Irving Anellis has done the research to show that C. S. Peirce appears to be the earliest logician ( in 1893 ) to devise a truth table matrix .
From the summary of his paper : In 1997 , John Shosky discovered , on the verso of a page of the typed transcript of Bertrand Russell 's 1912 lecture on " The Philosophy of Logical Atomism " truth table matrices .
The matrix for negation is Russell 's , alongside of which is the matrix for material implication in the hand of Ludwig Wittgenstein .
It is shown that an unpublished manuscript identified as composed by Peirce in 1893 includes a truth table matrix that is equivalent to the matrix for material implication discovered by John Shosky .
An unpublished manuscript by Peirce identified as having been composed in 1883–84 in connection with the composition of Peirce 's " On the Algebra of Logic : A Contribution to the Philosophy of Notation " that appeared in the " American Journal of Mathematics " in 1885 includes an example of an indirect truth table for the conditional .

Gould Mansion Complex
Gould Mansion Complex is a historic home and national historic district located at Lyons Falls in Lewis County , New York .
The district includes three contributing structures : the main house , carriage house and barn , and office building that served as headquarters for the Gould Paper Company .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978 .

Australia ( 1989 film )
Australia is a 1989 film directed by Jean-Jacques Andrien .

Europe Begins at Sarajevo
Europe Begins at Sarajevo was a short-lived pan-European political party established in France to contest the 1994 European Parliament elections on a campaign of support for the people of Bosnia ( especially Sarajevo ) , and their multiracial ideals .

Abednico Powell
Abednico Powell ( born 28 January 1983 ) is a Botswana footballer who currently plays for Mogoditshane Fighters Career .
Powell began his professional career 2006 with ECCO City Green and signed in summer 2007 with Extension Gunners .
Powell left in January 2010 from Extension Gunners , to League rival Township Rollers .
left Township Rollers and signed with Mogoditshane Fighters .
International .
He has won one cap for the Botswana national football team .

TuS Celle FC
TuS Celle FC is a football club based in Celle , Lower Saxony , Germany .
The club is currently a member of the Landesliga Lüneburg , the sixth tier of German football .
Home matches are played at the Günther - Volker - Stadion .
History .
The club was established on 23 August 1945 through the merger of SpVgg Celle 1921 , which , like sports and football clubs across the country , was dissolved by occupying Allied authorities following World War II as part of the process of denazification , and the worker 's club Freie Turnschaft Celle , established in 1899 , and shut down under the Nazis in 1933 like other left-leaning or faith-based clubs as politically undesirable .
From 1949 until 1962 , the club played in the Amateurliga Niedersachsen-Ost ( III ) , before switching to the western division .
In 1964 , the two leagues were unified as the Amateurliga Niedersachsen , then the third tier .
They were promoted to the Regionalliga Nord ( II ) in 1968 .
They finished 15th , one place clear of relegation in their first season , but consolidated to finish eleventh and then tenth twice between 1970 and 1972 .
However , in the 1972–73 season they finished 17th , and were relegated back to the Amateurliga .
In 1980–81 they won the division , but were not promoted as they lost in the play - offs .
After winning the Verbandsliga again ( the renamed Amateurliga ) in 1990 , the club was promoted to the Oberliga Nord ( IV ) .
In 1992 , the footballers became independent of parent club " TuS Celle " , and added the suffix FC to distinguish themselves .
When the Regionalliga Nord ( III ) was re-established in 1994 , TuS were amongst the founder clubs .
They finished third in 1995–96 , and twice finished sixth .
In 1996 , the club recorded its record attendance of 13,500 for a game against Bayern Munich .
When the Regionalligen were reduced from four to two in 2000 , TuS were relegated to the Oberliga Niedersachsen / Bremen .
They were relegated again to the Verbandsliga in 2002 after finishing bottom of the division .
They were relegated again to the Landesliga Lüneburg at the end of the 2002–03 season , but made an immediate return to the Verbandsliga the following season by winning the Landesliga .
In 2008 the Verbandsliga was renamed the Oberliga Niedersachsen .
In 2008–09 the club was relegated from Oberliga Niedersachsen Ost to the Bezirksoberliga Lüneburg .
The following season the club were relegated again , this time to the Bezirksliga Lüneburg 2 .
In 2010–11 they finished second in the Bezirksliga , and were promoted back to the newly renamed Landesliga Lüneburg .
The club was promoted again at the end of the 2011–12 season after finishing third , reaching the Niedersachsenliga .
They finished in the relegation zone in 2012–13 , but avoided being relegated after TuS Heeslingen had their Oberliga licence revoked and SV Holthausen / Biene resigned from the league .
However , at the end of the 2013–14 season TuS were relegated back to the Landesliga Lüneburg after finishing bottom of the Niedersachsenliga .

Grand Prix Manager ( 1984 video game )
Grand Prix Manager is a Formula 1 management simulation video game released for the ZX Spectrum in 1984 .
It was written by P. Boulton and published by Silicon Joy .
Gameplay .
" Grand Prix Manager " places the player in the role of the manager of a Formula 1 racing team , with the ultimate goal being to reach to highest management rating .
This can only be achieved by winning the championship on the hardest difficulty setting .
The player can choose how many races to take part in over the course of a season , and after each race the player is presented with a race performance screen , followed by car upgrade options .
Revenue is generated through sponsorship , however sponsors will base their investment on their satisfaction with previous race results .
This income is used to hire mechanics and a driver from a set list of well-known Formula 1 drivers .
The player makes choices from menu screens regarding aspects of the car such as the tires , depth of tire tread and angle of the rear wing , and is then shown highlights of the race .
Reception .
Chris Bourne of " Sinclair User " found the game to be unimpressive , especially as it was from the same publisher as " Football Manager " .
He found the in - race graphics to be motionless .
He scored the game 1/10 .
Sean Cox of " Big K " was more positive towards the game , giving it a " KK " rating ( maximum is " KKK " ) , and saying that people who enjoyed " Football Manager " would enjoy this game as well .

List of scientists whose names are used as SI units
List of scientists whose names are used as SI units is the list of those scientists whose names are assigned as the names of the international units by the International Committee for Weights and Measures .
The International System of Units ( abbreviated SI from ) is the most widely used system of units of measurement .
There are seven base units and 22 derived units ( excluding compound units ) .
These units are used both in science and in commerce .
Two of the base units and 17 of the derived units are named after scientists .
By this convention , their names are immortalised .
Below is the list of the scientists whose names are used as SI units .
Napier and Bell .
Napier and decibel are two dimensionless units used to define relative amplitudes in logarithmic scales .
They are not SI units , but their usage together with SI units is permitted .

Mikael Bengtsson
Mikael Bengtsson ( born December 5 , 1981 ) is a Swedish former footballer .
He played most of his career for the Swedish club Trelleborgs FF .
He has also played for Landskrona BoIS for two seasons .

Boršt , Brežice
Boršt ( ; ) is a small village on the left bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
The area was traditionally part of Lower Carniola .
It is now included with the rest of the municipality in the Lower Sava Statistical Region .

1994 Boise State Broncos football team
The 1994 Boise State Broncos football team represented Boise State University in the 1994 NCAA Division I-AA football season .
The Broncos competed in the Big Sky Conference and played their home games at Bronco Stadium in Boise , Idaho .
The Broncos were led by second-year head coach Pokey Allen .
Boise State finished the regular season at 10–1 and 6–1 in conference to win their sixth Big Sky title , their first since the national championship season of 1980 .
The only blemish was a one-point loss at Idaho State in mid - October .
To complete the regular season , BSU finally defeated rival Idaho for the first time since 1981 , breaking a twelve - game winning streak for the Vandals .
Both teams entered the game at 9–1 ( and 5–1 in conference ) , and BSU head coach Pokey Allen promised to ride his horse down Boise 's Broadway Ave , a street that runs past Bronco Stadium , if the game was a sellout .
Allen fulfilled his promise .
I-AA Playoffs .
Three Big Sky teams made the 16 - team field for the I-AA playoffs : Boise State ( 10–1 ) , Idaho ( 9–2 ) , and Montana ( 9–2 ) .
Idaho lost a first round road game , and Montana won two home games before falling in the semifinals on the road to the eventual champion .
The Broncos hosted and won three close games , against North Texas , Appalachian State , and Marshall to raise their overall record to 13–1 .
In the I-AA finals at Huntington , West Virginia , they were defeated by Jim Tressel 's top-ranked Youngstown State 28–14 .
The 15 games are the most Boise State ever played in one season , and finished at 13–2 .
The 1994 season is known by BSU fans as " The Magic Carpet Ride , " as the Broncos won all ten home games on the blue AstroTurf of Bronco Stadium .
This was Boise State 's last Big Sky title in football and final appearance in the I-AA playoffs ; BSU moved up to Division I-A and the Big West Conference in 1996 .

Jiří Helekal
Jiří Helekal ( born 13 February 1947 , in Prague ) is a multi-talented Czech singer and performer who has maintained his fame through forty years of his career in his native land .
He is capable of playing many musical instruments , as well being a professional actor , appearing in many successful musicals .
Early life .
Jiri Helekal grew up in the centre of Prague , near today ’s Praha hlavní nádraží .
He has been focused on music since he was 22 , when he started to play the violin .
But he was soon also fascinated by playing the cello and switched over to it .
He was taught by Professor Sadl and afterwards successfully graduated from Jezek ’s Conservatory ; he became even more interested in music .
He had to postpone his artistic work due to compulsory military service .
Eventually the break took longer – he worked as a furniture remover and also unloaded wood and coal .
Significance .
When he achieved his first musical successes , Jiri Helekal was already able to play the guitar , violin , cello , piano , flute , banjo , contrabass , accordion and others .
One of his first greater successes was in a band called " Shut Up " ( beat and country ) .
Then he defected to a band called “ Comets ” ( rock'n'roll , twist , rhythm & blues , soul , big beat , pop ) , at that time composed of Hladik ( guitar ) , Žižka ( saxophone ) , Vladimír Mišík and Jan Hrůza ( both sang with Helekal ) .
Later he established his own , mainly country , path .
Supported by his two daughters ( Katerina and Aneta ) he found ‘Hele-kaly family ’ and released five albums : " Rambler oasis 1 " , " Rambler oasis 2 " , " Rambler oasis 3 " , " Ringlet in the grass " and " At the time " .
At the turn of the 60 ’s and 70 ’s his acting career took off .
Between 1969 and 1973 he performed in the " Semafor " theatre ( a very prestigious theatre in Prague ) and then went on to the Broadway Theatre ( also a popular Prague theatre specializing mainly in musicals ) , where he is still acting in musicals , for instance Cleopatra ( his biggest success ) , Angelica and The Three Musketeers .

Constableville Village Historic District
Constableville Village Historic District is a national historic district located at Constableville in Lewis County , New York .
The district includes 105 contributing buildings , one contributing structure , and one contributing site .
The buildings are commercial , residential , civic , and church structures built primarily between about 1828 and 1900 .
Also included are a rural cemetery dating from the late 19th century , one historic bridge , and an early 20th - century school .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 .

Youngstorget
Youngstorget ( ) is a square and public space located in downtown Oslo .
It lies at the junction of the streets Storgata and Møllergata and alongside Torggata .
Constructed in 1846 , it has become a symbol of political power in Norway .
Etymology .
Although colloquially called Youngstorget by the public , the square was officially named Nytorvet ( " New Square " ) in 1852 , which was its official name until 1951 , when the city council voted to change the name to Youngstorget .
It is named after politician and financier Jørgen Young ( 1784–1837 ) who owned most of the adjacent area .
A former member of the " Storting " , by the time of his death , Young was the wealthiest man in the city .
Features .
Due to its close proximity to the Government quarter the area around the square includes the headquarters of many political organizations .
Because of this it is considered to be the center of political power in Norway .
Surrounding the square lies amongst others the head offices of the Norwegian Labour Party , the Workers ' Youth League , the Liberal Party and the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions .
Associated with the Labor movement , it is the site of annual May day celebrations , as well as other mainly political demonstrations .

Nysø Manor
Nysø Manor , located near Præstø in the southeast of the Danish island of Sealand , was built in 1673 for Jens Lauridsen , a local functionary .
Architecture .
The first manor house in Denmark to be designed in the Baroque style , it is built in red brick and sandstone with a red-tiled roof and a granite plinth as a foundation .
It is thought to be the work of master builder Ewert Janssen who probably also built Charlottenborg Palace in Copenhagen shortly afterwards .
The house consists of a main wing with 11 bays and lateral wings to the north with an entrance in between .
The central projects on the north and south sides are decorated with four Ionic pilasters which support triangular pediments .
On the north side , there is a clock with two figures whose bells strike the hour .
Situation .
A moat originally encircled the entire building but in 1780 the moat on the north side was filled in to accommodate estate buildings .
The Thorvaldsen Collection is housed in one of the red-brick buildings to the east .
The Nysø Estate extends over 1,041 hectars with Jungshovedgaard , Christinelund , Henriklund and Mariannelund .
Golden Age venue .
Nysø is especially known for its role in the Danish cultural Golden Age of the early - to - mid - 19th century when baron Hendrik Stampe and his wife Christine played host to many famous writers and artists , including Hans Christian Andersen and the sculptor Thorvaldsen .
The latter spent much of his last six years here ( 1838–44 ) , where he had a studio in the house and in the garden ( the white structure in the picture above ) .
In the 19th century , Nysø was a popular venue for Golden Age artists including as Hans Christian Andersen , Bertel Thorvaldsen and N. F. S. Grundtvig who visited baron Hendrik Stampe and his wife Christine .
Thorvaldsen who had a studio in the house spent much of his last six years there .
Today Nysø houses the Thorvaldsen Collection which is open to the public in the summer months .
Museum .
The Thorvaldsen Museum including the Thorvaldsen collection is open for visitors from 11 am to 5 pm on Saturdays and Sundays from 1 May to 31 August .
The collection contains Thorvaldsen 's clay models , sculptures and drawings as well as artwork from other famous visitors .

Bračna Vas
Bračna Vas ( ; , ) is a small settlement on the right bank of the Sotla River in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
It lies northeast of Bizeljsko , right next to the border with Croatia .
The area was traditionally part of Styria .
It is now included in the Lower Sava Statistical Region .

Wenceslaus of Płock
Wenceslaus ( Wańko ) of Płock ( , Masovian Dialect : " Wańko Puocky " ; 1293/97 – 23 May 1336 ) , was a Polish prince member of the House of Piast , Duke of Płock since 1313 and vassal of Bohemia from 1329 .
He was the third son of Bolesław II of Płock but the only born from his second marriage with Kunigunde , daughter of King Ottakar II of Bohemia .
He was probably named after his maternal uncle , King Wenceslaus II of Bohemia .
Life .
Unlike his older half-brothers Siemowit II and Trojden I , Wenceslaus did n't receive his own district until the death of their father in 1313 , when he inherited Płock .
This division did n't satisfy anybody and lead to a brief war between the three brothers in 1316 .
Apart from a brief mention in the " Roczniku miechowskim " , the exact details of this conflict are unknown .
Early in his reign , Wenceslaus tried to pursue a neutral policy with his two powerful neighbors , the Teutonic Order and Poland ; a clear manifestation of this was his refusal to testifying during the Teutonic - Polish trial in Inowrocław or the agreement that he signed on 14 April 1321 in the city of Golub with the Teutonic Knights ( represented by Frederick von Wildenberg ) , by which the Masovian rulers committed to refuse passage to the Lithuanians troops who fight against help the Order .
Despite the treaty with the Teutonic Order , initially Wenceslaus managed to maintained good relations with Lithuania , evidenced when in 1323 he allowed Lithuanian troops to cross his territory to invaded the district of Dobrzyń .
In 1325 , Wenceslaus was obliged to renounce his policy of neutrality when Władysław I the Elbow - high launched a surprise attack against Płock .
The reasons for this attack are unknown , but caused that on 2 January 1326 at Brodnica the dukes of Masovia concluded an alliance against Wladysław I. In 1326 the Polish – Teutonic War erupted .
In this fight , Wenceslaus strongly supported the Teutonic Order ; in revenge , Wladysław I besieged and burned Płock ; after Gostynin managed to resist the attack of the Polish forces , Wenceslaus asked the help of the Teutonic Order , and thanks to this , the Masovian rulers are able to rejected the army of Wladysław I from their domains .
In 1329 , Wenceslaus suddenly changed sides and allied with Wladysław I. After this betrayal , an army led by King John of Bohemia and with the help of Teutonic Kinghts , invaded Płock , forcing Wenceslaus to surrender .
On 29 March he was forced to paid homage to the Bohemian King , who was also a candidate for the throne of Poland .
Wenceslaus ' last years is known very little ; probably discouraged by both the Polish and Teutonic Order , he withdrew from active politics .
Wenceslaus died on 23 May 1336 in Wyszogród , and was buried at Płock Cathedral ( according to the reports of Jan Długosz ) .
Marriage and Issue .
In 1316 , Wencesalus married with Dannila ( baptized " Elisabeth " ; ca .
1301/04 – 2 June 1364 ) , a daughter of Gediminas , Grand Duke of Lithuania .
They had two children :

Mokgathi Mokgathi
Mokgathi Mokgathi is a Botswanan footballer .
He currently plays for the Botswana Defence Force XI .
He has also won four caps for the Botswana national football team .

Jeevana Jyothi ( 1975 film )
Jeevana Jyothi ( Telugu : జీవన జ్యోతి ) is a 1975 Telugu film directed by K. Viswanath .
It stars Vanisri in a double role as mother and daughter .
Sobhan Babu is the leading man .
This film won the major awards especially in Filmfare Awards South history its break in first time that year all awards won this film .
The director K. Viswanath later remade the film in Hindi as Sanjog ( 1985 ) with Jayaprada and Jeetendra .
Plot .
Hyderabad - bred Narain goes to a village , where he meets and falls in love with a village belle , Yashodra .
She also is attracted to him , and both get married .
After their marriage , both go to live with Narain 's parents , brother , and sister - in - law , Lalita , and her son , Sonu .
Yashodra gets close to Sonu , and starts to spend all her time with him .
This raises some concerns with Lalita , which results in some acrimony .
Tragically , Sonu passes away , leaving Yashodra devastated and depressed .
She gets pregnant and gives birth to a baby girl , but cannot get Sonu out of her mind .
Her depression gives way to insanity , as she keeps on seeing Sonu in every child , and as a result she is institutionalized .
Narain has taken to alcohol in a big way and drowns his sorrows and frustrations day and night in a drunken stupor .
As a result , his daughter is adopted by Lalita and his brother , without knowing who her real parents are .
Years pass by , her daughter , Asha , has grown up and is herself a mother of a baby boy , and settled in the U.S. . Asha arrives in India for a visit and the entire family assembles to visit Yashodra .
They find her holding a piece of log , covered in a blanket , singing to it as if it where Sonu .
It is here that Asha finds out who her real parents are , and it is here that she will be called upon to make the ultimate sacrifice .
Awards .
Filmfare Awards South Nandi Awards

Peter Wakefield ( boxer )
Peter Wakefield ( born 6 September 1977 in Modbury , South Australia ) is a retired male light flyweight boxer from Australia .
He competed for his native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece , where he was stopped in the second round of the men 's light flyweight division ( – 48 kg ) by Namibia 's Joseph Jermia .
He was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder .

Vaterland , Norway
Vaterland is a neighborhood in Oslo , Norway .
It is located north of the tracks at Oslo Central Station , between Jernbanetorget , Storgata and Akerselva river .
The area features Oslo Central Station and Oslo Bus Terminal , the shopping centers Oslo City and Byporten , Galleri Oslo , Radisson Blu Plaza Hotel , the concert arena Oslo Spektrum and Postgirobygget .
Along the Aker River lays the Vaterland Park .

Onalethata Thekiso
Onalethata Thekiso is a Botswana footballer .
He currently plays for the Township Rollers .
He has won four caps for the Botswana national football team .

Parkside Primary School
Parkside Primary School is a coeducational R-7 school ( 5–12 year olds ) located in the Adelaide inner suburb of Parkside .
The school is located at 12 Robsart Street and occupies the land between Young Street , Robsart Street and Castle Street .
It is one of South Australia 's earliest established Primary Schools and currently has an enrolment of approximately 330 students who come from different cultural backgrounds .
History .
Parkside Primary School was opened on 1 April 1885 .
The original school building consisted of eight classrooms and had an opening enrolment of 488 students .
A Headmasters house and other classrooms were constructed at later dates to account for an increased number of students .
The original buildings are still in use today .
1985 was the centennial year of the school and celebrations were held throughout the year .
A time-capsule was created to celebrate this milestone , to be opened in 2035 .
External links .
Parkside , South Australia

Brezje pri Bojsnem
Brezje pri Bojsnem ( ; ) is a small settlement to the north of Bojsno in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
The area was traditionally part of Styria .
It is now included in the Lower Sava Statistical Region .
Name .
The name of the settlement was changed from " Brezje " to " Brezje pri Bojsnem " in 1953 .
In the past the German name was " Bresje " .
Church .
The local church is dedicated to Saint Ulrich ( ) and belongs to the Parish of Pišece .
It is a small church with a rectangular floor plan , a semi-circular apse , and a belfry over its main entrance .
It was built in the 19th century .

1st Berlin International Film Festival
The 1st annual Berlin International Film Festival was held from 6 – 17 June 1951 .
The opening film was Alfred Hitchcock 's " Rebecca " .
At this very first Berlin Festival , the Golden Bear award was introduced , and it was awarded to the best film in each of five categories : drama , comedy , crime or adventure , music film , and documentary .
This system disappeared already the following year , partly because films that year were voted on by the audience .
Jury .
The following people were announced as being on the jury for the festival : Films in competition .
The following films were in competition for the Golden Bear awards : Awards .
The following prizes were awarded by the Jury :

Jeyhun Abiyev
Jeyhun Abiyev ( ) born October 24 , 1974 in Baku ) is a retired male light flyweight boxer from Azerbaijan .
Abiyev competed for his native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece , where he was stopped in the second round of the men 's light flyweight division ( – 48 kg ) by Turkey 's eventual silver medalist Atagün Yalçınkaya .
He qualified for the Athens Games by ending up in first place at the 4th AIBA European 2004 Olympic Qualifying Tournament in Baku , Azerbaijan .

Brezje pri Veliki Dolini
Brezje pri Veliki Dolini ( ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
The area was traditionally part of Lower Carniola .
It is now included in the Lower Sava Statistical Region .
Name .
The name of the settlement was changed from " Brezje " to " Brezje pri Veliki Dolini " in 1953 .

Alexander Raytchev
Alexander Alexandrov Raytchev { Bulgarian Александър Александров Райчев } , born 15 March 1975 in Sofia , Bulgaria , is a Bulgarian classical pianist und composer who lives in Germany .
Biography .
The pianist and composer Alexander Raytchev comes from a multigenerational family of artists .
His father is the composer Alexandar Ivanow Raytchev ( born 11 April 1922 in Lom ; died 2003 in Sofia ) , his mother Milena Atanassova is actress at the Ivan Vazov National Theatre in Sofia .
Alexander Raytchev received his first piano lesson at the age of five .
Six years later , he won the national competition PROWADIA , was shortly afterwards invited as a composer at Baden - Baden 's Brahms Symposium and was honored in Japan for his compositions .
After his secondary studies in 1993 , Alexander Raytchev studied piano and composition at the with Johannes van Beek in parallel with Jowtsho Kruschev in Sofia .
He then successfully completed a Concert Exam with Arie Vardi and Bernd Goetzke at the He was awarded numerous prizes , including the Students ' Competition in Hanover , and won the " Performance of the Year " contest with the Sofia Radio Orchestra .
In 2000 , Alexander Raytchev was appointed " Musician of the Year " in Bulgaria .
He recorded on CD Sergei Rachmaninov 's Concerto No. 3 D minor and the Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini for the American label Music Minus One .
He is keen on projects on literature and music , for example with the actor Ulrich Tukur .
Since 2004 , Alexander Raytchev is the Sofia Symphonic Orchestra 's first soloist guest .
The pianist 's adoptive city is Hamburg .
He here prepares for his international tours to the USA and Japan .
In addition , his sphere of influence extends from multimedia concerts for the Planetarium Hamburg , a symbiosis of classical music and picture projections , to active teaching .
He is amongst other things , part of various chamber music ensembles with singers from the Staatsoper Hannover and musicians of the Hamburg Symphony Orchestra .

List of Superfund sites in Washington ( state )
This is a list of Superfund sites in Washington State designated under the Comprehensive Environmental Response , Compensation , and Liability Act ( CERCLA ) environmental law .
The CERCLA federal law of 1980 authorized the United States Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) to create a list of polluted locations requiring a long-term response to clean up hazardous material contaminations .
These locations are known as Superfund sites , and are placed on the National Priorities List ( NPL ) .
The NPL guides the EPA in " determining which sites warrant further investigation " for environmental remediation .
As of May 1 , 2010 , there were 48 Superfund sites on the National Priorities List in Washington .
Seventeen others have been cleaned up and removed from the list ; no sites are currently proposed for addition .

Aiadava
Aiadava ( " Aiadaba " or " Aeadaba " , ) was a Dacian town in the Remesiana region , present day Bela Palanka , Serbia .
After the Romans conquered Moesia in the 75 BC , the new castrum ( imperial domain with estates ) and municipium was known initially as " Ulpianorum " and then " Remesiana " ( Moesi ) and laid on the Via Militaris road , between Naissus and Serdica .
Emperor Justinian ( r .
527–565 ) had following strongholds in the district of Remesiana : The patron saint of Romania , Nicetas of Remesiana , was a 4th - century bishop at Remesiana , of possible Dacian descent .
Excavations include well-preserved castrum dating to 4th century , a hoard of 260 coins minted during the rule of Constantine I , Theodosius I , Tiberius Claudius Nero ( 3rd century AD ) .

Lewis County Fairgrounds
Lewis County Fairgrounds is a historic fairground and national historic district located at Lowville in Lewis County , New York .
The district includes one contributing building and four contributing structures all constructed about 1876 .
They are the Grandstand , half-mile Race track , Antiques Building , Taffy Stand , and Information Booth .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002 .

List of Chonburi F. C. players
Below is a list of notable footballers who have played for Chonburi .

Agdistis melitensis
Agdistis melitensis is a moth of the Pterophoroidea family .
It is found in Malta , Sicily and Sardinia .

Thobo Kgoboge
Thobo Kgoboge is a Botswanan footballer who currently plays for Nico United .
He has won one cap for the Botswana national football team .

Briparo
Briparo ( ) was a locality in the Remesiana region , present Bela Palanka , Serbia .

Heinz Bauer
Heinz Bauer ( 31 January 1928 – 15 August 2002 ) was a German mathematician .
Bauer studied at the University of Erlangen - Nuremberg and received his PhD there in 1953 under the supervision of Otto Haupt and finished his habilitation in 1956 , both for work with Otto Haupt .
After a short time from 1961 to 1965 as professor at the University of Hamburg he stayed his whole career at the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg .
His research focus was the Potential theory , Probability theory and Functional analysis Bauer received the Chauvenet Prize in 1980 and became a member of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina in 1986 .
Bauer died in Erlangen .

Dardapara
Dardapara ( ) was two Thracian localities in the Dardania-Remesiana regions ( Moesia ) , present Serbia .
Eastern Roman Emperor Justinian I ( r .
527-565 ) rebuilt Dardapara .
A Dardapara has been connected with Grdelica , in Leskovac , southern Serbia .

Darren Bender
Darren Bender became known in the UK TV industry for launching several long-running new film - maker 's initiatives ( " Coming Up " & " The Other Side " ) at broadcaster Channel 4 .
As commissioning editor there , he encouraged over one hundred drama and documentary film makers to make films inexpensively and often experimentally for late night slots on Channel 4 .
After a spell as head of production at one of the regional branches of the UK Film Council , he set up " Bigger Pictures " , his independent television and film production company .
His first feature film " Exhibit A " was released last year .
He has a slate of low budget movies and continues to make a variety of television content including male - skewed programs for Channel Five .

List of Superfund sites in West Virginia
This is a list of Superfund sites in West Virginia designated under the Comprehensive Environmental Response , Compensation , and Liability Act ( CERCLA ) environmental law .
The CERCLA federal law of 1980 authorized the United States Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) to create a list of polluted locations requiring a long-term response to clean up hazardous material contaminations .
These locations are known as Superfund sites , and are placed on the National Priorities List ( NPL ) .
The NPL guides the EPA in " determining which sites warrant further investigation " for environmental remediation .
As of March 26 , 2010 , there were 9 Superfund sites on the National Priorities List in West Virginia .
No additional sites are currently proposed for entry on the list .
Two sites have been cleaned up and removed from the list .

List of R-7 launches ( 2010–14 )
This is a list of launches made by the R-7 Semyorka ICBM , and its derivatives between 2010 and 2014 .
All launches are orbital satellite launches , unless stated otherwise .

A. A. Rahim
A. A. Rahim ( February 7 , 1920 - August 31 , 1995 ) was an Indian politician , freedom fighter and Union Minister .
He was born on to Sri Abubecker and Smt .
Fathima in Kollam .
Political life .
He came through the Student Movement of the Indian National Congress , He became the President of the District Congress Committee of Kollam , He also held position viz .
K. P. C. C. Executive Member , A. I. C. C. Member .
He held portfolios like Industries , Health , Agriculture in the Panampilli Govinda Menon 's Travancore Cochin State Ministry in 1954.He was elected to the Kerala Legislative Assembly in 1957,60,65,70,77 .
In 1980 He was elected to the Loksabha from Chirayinkeezhu Constituency and served as the Union Minister of State for External Affairs in the Indira Gandhi Government .
In 1989 -90 he also served as the Governor of Meghalaya .

Katanvogo
Katanvogo is a Senufo village in northern Côte d' Ivoire .
It is located about twenty kilometerssouthwest of Korhogo , in the sub - prefecture of Tioroniaradougou , department of Korhogo , exactly halfway between Dassingboho and Pinyon .
The main activity of the inhabitants is still agriculture and livestock raising as for most residents of other rural areas in the department of Korhogo .
In terms of the official administration , it depends directly on the sub - prefecture Tioroniaradougou to which it is linked traditionally and historically .
The population can be estimated only in the low thousands .

Jerome Ramatlhakwane
Jerome " Jay-Jay " Ramatlhakwana ( born 29 May 1985 ) is a Botswanan international footballer who currently plays for Township Rollers , as a striker .
Club career .
Born in Lobatse , Ramatlhakwana has played in Botswana for Mogoditshane Fighters and Mochudi Centre Chiefs , in Cyprus for APOP Kinyras Peyias , and in South Africa for Santos and Vasco da Gama .
In January 2013 signed for Mochudi Centre Chiefs .
Ramatlhakwana was meant to move from Santos to Vasco da Gama in the summer of 2010 , but a transfer fee was n't agreed until January 2011 .
After his work permit was initially denied , Ramatlhakwane did n't sign for Vasco da Gama until April 2011 ; he scored on his debut .
International career .
Ramatlhakwane scored on his senior debut for Botswana in a 1–0 win over Swaziland in November 2006 , and has appeared in FIFA World Cup qualifying matches .
Ramatlhakwane led Botswana in scoring with five goals in qualifying for the 2012 African Cup of Nations .
His fifth goal came on 26 March 2011 in N' Djamena , Chad as Botswana won 1-0 and became the first nation aside from the co-hosts to qualify for the 2012 African Cup of Nations , as Botswana would play in its first ever major tournament .
He scored four goals at the 2013 COSAFA Cup , including a hat-trick against Lesotho , as Botswana failed to get out of the group stage .
Those goals were enough to earn him the tournament 's golden boot award .
It also took his international tally to 17 , surpassing the record of 16 goals held by Dipsy Selolwane .

Heroninos Archive
The Heroninos Archive is a collection of around a thousand papyrus documents , dating to the third century AD , found at the very end of the 19th century at Harit , the site of ancient Theadelphia , in the Faiyum area of Egypt by Bernard Pyne Grenfell and Arthur Surridge Hunt .
The archive is named after Heroninos , the " phrontistes " ( Koine Greek : manager ) of the estate whose records make up a large part of the collection .
As well as being the largest single collection of papyri from Roman Egypt , it is also significant for the in-depth picture it gives of the running of a Roman estate .
To date , less than half of the documents in the archive have been published .
Scholars believe that when it is all published , it will represent " one of the largest coherent groups of documents from the Roman Empire .
" Origin of the archive .
The archive contains around a thousand papyrus documents The bulk of the documents are records relating to the management of an estate belonging to Aurelius Appianus .
For the period from late - 249 to mid - 268 the manager of the estate was a man named Heroninos .
Most of the letters in the archive are addressed to Heroninos , and come from the managers of other estates in the Arsinoites nome – the area of modern Faiyum – or from the central administration of the estate , which was based in the nome capital of Arsinoe , led by a head official called Alypios .
In many cases , the papyrus is significantly older than the document written on it .
Reuse of writing materials was a common practice on the Appianus estate , and many of the Heroninos documents feature fragments of earlier texts on the recto , primarily to do with the business of the town council of Arsinoe .
One of these documents has been dated to 144 using prosopographical techniques .
The documents are not considered to have come from a filing system .
Evidence in the archive shows that another employee of the estate , an " epiktenites " named Hermias , collated documents by pasting them end to end to form a single length which could be rolled up ( a " tomos sunkollesimos " ) ; while another letter to a farm manager suggests that this man was in the habit of throwing letters in a cupboard and forgetting about them .
Nothing suggests that Heroninos pasted his letters together , and while the recovered documents pertain to consecutive months in any regnal year , they do not feature paperwork for any entire year .
Discovery .
According to a widely told story , the archive was discovered at the end of the 1898/99 digging season at Harit , when workmen in the employ of Grenfell and Hunt decided to carry on digging , and came upon a box full of papers .
Several scholars have cast doubt upon this story – P. Fay.133 had been found independently before the discovery of the archive , and BGU 1030 and SB 5807 were uncovered in ruined houses by another team of archaeologists .
The publication in 1998 of another letter which had been included in the material excavated by Grenfell and Hunt in the 1898/99 season , but not included by them in the Heroninos archive , casts further doubt , although Mariarosaria Salvo , who translated and published the letter , still considers it possible that the bulk of the archive was in a box at some time .
The archive was broken up in the early 20th century , and sold to dealers .
Over twenty major papyrological collections hold parts of the archive , although significant portions went to the Laurentian Library in Florence , the University Library of Prague and the National Library of Austria .
It was with the publication of the majority of the Florentine papers that the archive emerged as an entity of interest to scholars , and the name Heroninos Archive was given to the collection at this time .
Content of the archive .
The archive contains a number of identified groups of texts .
Around 350 are in the nature of internal memos – correspondence to ( or more rarely from ) Heroninus , concerning the management of the estate .
Fifty texts or fragments are accounts prepared by Heroninus or his son Heronas , who succeeded him , and there are another group of accounts prepared by Eirenaios , who was the manager of another part of the Appianus estate , at Euhemeria .
Another fifty relate to other employees of the Appianus estate , and forty documents appear to be fiscal receipts from external authorities .
The Heroninos Archive is of considerable interest to scholars as it contains a concentration of evidence relating to the running of the Theadelphia unit of the Appianus estate , and to a lesser extent the Euhemeria estate , giving an in-depth insight into how such estates were run .
In a wider perspective , the archive also features much information about the economy of Egypt under the Romans , and the functioning of third century society .
Accounting in the Heroninos archive .
The Appianus estate had a complex and standardised system of accounting which was followed by all its local farm managers whose activities were coordinated to exploit economies of scale .
Each administrator on each sub-division of the estate drew up his own little accounts , for day-to-day running of the estate , payment of the workforce , production of crops , the sale of produce , the use of animals , and general expenditure on the staff .
This information was then summarized on pieces of papyrus scroll into one big yearly account for each particular sub-division of the estate .
Entries were arranged by sector , with cash expenses and gains extrapolated from all the different sectors .
Accounts of this kind gave the owner the opportunity to take better economic decisions because the information was purposefully selected and arranged .

Teleiopsis albifemorella
Teleiopsis albifemorella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family .
It is found in the southern and northern parts of the Alps .
It is also found in the Spanish Pyrenees and the mountains of the Abruzzo region in Italy and in former Serbia and Montenegro .
The wingspan is 19–23 mm. Adults are on wing in July to September .
The larvae feed on " Rumex scutatus " .

Machairophyllum
Machairophyllum is a genus of plants in the family Aizoaceae .
Selected species .
" Machairophyllum acuminatum " L. Bolus " Machairophyllum albidum " Schwantes " Machairophyllum baxteri " L. Bolus " Machairophyllum bijlii " ( N. E. Br .
) L. Bolus " Machairophyllum brevifolium " L. Bolus " Machairophyllum cookii " Schwantes " Machairophyllum latifolium " L. Bolus " Machairophyllum stayneri " L. Bolus " Machairophyllum stenopetalum " L. Bolus " Machairophyllum vanbredai " L. Bolus

Teleiopsis bagriotella
Teleiopsis bagriotella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family .
It is found in the mountainous areas of Europe , from Portugal and Spain to Greece .
In the north it is found up to the Tatra mountains .
Outside of Europe , it is also found in Turkey .
It is found on heights between 1,200 to 3,000 meters .
The wingspan is 17–22 mm. Adults are on wing in June to October .
The larvae feed on " Oxyria digyna " .

All Ireland League
All Ireland League may refer to any of the following All Ireland competitions .
It may mean

Carl Baker ( boxer )
Carl Baker ( born 3 January 1982 ) is an English professional Boxer who was born in Sheffield , England Prizefighter .
Baker competed in the heavyweight Prizefighter series on 2 October 2009 .
He came in as an outsider but beat second favourite Danny Williams by unanimous decision the opening round .
He also knocked Williams down twice in the first round of their fight .
In the semi-final Baker was eliminated from the tournament when he lost a unanimous decision to Coleman Barrett .
On 13 February 2010 Baker was knocked out in the second round by Dereck Chisora in a British title fight eliminator

Terence Mophuting
Terence Mophuting was a Botswanan footballer .
A defender , he played for the Botswana national football team between 1992 and 2000 .
External links .
Terrence Mophuthing ( 17 November 1965 – 1 December 2008 ) was a retired football player from Botswana who first made his name at Gaborone United where he started his playing career in the 1980s .
He was a powerhouse at GU with his dangerous runs from the left back .
He was part of the national team , which defeated Malawi during Botswana 's 20th anniversary of independence in 1986 .
In the late 1980s , Mophuting sneaked into neighbouring South Africa to join Kaizer Chiefs who later loaned him to other clubs .
He came back to his home country Botswana and played for several clubs .
When an exodus of top players trooped to Extension Gunners in the early 1990s , Mophuting was among them .
He was instrumental in the crack Gunners ' squad that clinched the national title for three years in a row .
His last club was Notwane which he also coached after retirement .
Mophuting was a versatile player who could feature in any position including the goalkeeping department .
He was a disciplined player and he rarely received red cards .
Mophuthing died on 1 December 2008 in Jwaneng hospital after a short illness

Teleiopsis latisacculus
Teleiopsis latisacculus is a moth of the Gelechiidae family .
It is found in Macedonia and from Turkey to Egypt .
The wingspan is 15 –17 mm. Adults are on wing in May to June .
The larvae feed on " Rhus coriaria " .
There are some records for " Pistacia terebinthus "

Carcharodus orientalis
The Oriental Skipper ( " Carcharodus orientalis " ) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family .
It is found in Montenegro , Albania , Macedonia , Romania , Bulgaria and Greece , east to Asia Minor , northern Iran , Ukraine , the Caucasus to Kazachstan and Turkmenistan .
There is a disjoint population in northern Hungary .
In the south it is also found in Wadi Al Hisha ( Jordan ) and Israel .
The length of the forewings is 14–15 mm. Adults are on wing from April to August in two generations .
Subspecies .
There are at least three subspecies :

K. C. Venugopal
K. C. Venugopal ( ) is an Indian Politician and a Member of Parliament in the 16th Lok Sabha of India .
He represents the Alappuzha Constituency and is a member of the Indian National Congress .
He was the Minister of State for Civil Aviation in the UPA Government .
Personal life .
He was born on February 4 , 1963 to Kunjukrishnan and Janaki Amma in Kannur District of Kerala .
Political life .
He came to active politics through the Student Movement of the Indian National Congress .
He became the State President of the Kerala Students Union and State President of the Indian Youth Congress , He was elected to the Kerala Legislative Assembly from Alappuzha Constituency in 1996,2001 and 2006 .
He served as the Minister for Dewaswom and Tourism in the Oommen Chandy Ministry from 2004-06 .
He Contested to the General Elections to Loksabha from Alappuzha Constituency in 2009 and won with a good margin .
For Mr. Venugopal , Kannur has not been his political gravitational field ever since he politically relocated himself to Alappuzha following his election victory from the Alappuzha Assembly constituency in 1996 .
His success in the two Assembly elections in 2001 and 2006 and his election to the Lok Sabha in the 2009 Parliament election have only completed the process of his political expatriation .
However , he always kept in touch with his home district .
The 48 - year - old Congress leader , who served as Minister for Tourism and Devaswom in the United Democratic Front ( UDF ) government during 2004-06 , began his political career when he was a student of the Payyanur College .
Since then he has been on a right trajectory of political career in his party .
From being a president of the Payyanur College unit of the Kerala Students Union ( KSU ) to his induction in the Union Cabinet , it was a long journey for a leader of his age .
In between he served as State president of the KSU ( 1987–92 ) and the Youth Congress ( 1992–2000 ) , among others .
A post-graduate in mathematics , Mr. Venugopal owes his rapid political evolution to the late leader K. Karunakaran .
His loyalty to the leader when the latter was at the helm of Congress affairs in the State helped him step on the political ladder without much ado .
Mr. Venugopal was also a volleyball player during his college days .
He played for the Payyanur College and the Calicut University .
Mr. Venugopal 's supporters say that though he has moved to Alappuzha , he took personal interest in various tourism projects in his home district when he was Tourism Minister .
The Town Square , the renovated Gandhi Park at Payyanur , approval of the proposals for development of beaches in the district and the eco-tourism project for Paithalmala are some among them , they say .
Detection of possible Air India Ticketing Scam .
In a huge embarrassment for Air India , Minister of state for civil aviation K. C. Venugopal detected a probable ticket scam and busted it almost single-handedly while travelling on one of the airline 's flights .
Venugopal was travelling to Kochi on a Delhi - Kochi - Thiruvananthapuram flight on January 4 when he noticed as many as 23 vacant seats on board .
He decided to inquire into the reason behind the vacant seats as a Kerala minister was denied a seat on the same flight due to " non - availability of tickets " .
But when he asked for the passenger list , the crew failed to produce one .
Venugopal then instructed his office to file a formal complaint with the chairman and managing director of the airline , Rohit Nandan .
Air India launched an inquiry into the complaint and by January 10 , two officers from customer service were suspended from duty .
Controversies .
His name was involved in the solar scam because of the relationship with the accused Saritha S Nair .

Het Mooiste Van Luv '
Het Mooiste Van Luv ' is a budget-priced compilation album by Dutch girl group Luv ' released by Universal Music Netherlands in 2006 .
It features the same track listing as a previous greatest hits CD entitled You 're the greatest Lover .
It contains songs from the back catalogue of Phonogram / Philips Records , Luv 's label between 1977 and 1979 .
This anthology came out a few weeks before the box set Completely In Luv ' when the original formation ( Patty Brard , José Hoebee and Marga Scheide ) reunited .
Track listing .
All songs by Hans van Hemert and Piet Souer under the pseudonym Janschen & Janschens

Dutch intervention in northern Bali ( 1848 )
The Dutch intervention in Northern Bali in 1848 was the second in a long series of six Dutch military interventions on Bali island , until total control was achieved with the Dutch intervention in Bali in 1908 .
The Dutch used as a pretext Balinese salvage claims over shipwrecks , which were customary to the Balinese , but unacceptable under International law .
The expedition arrived in 2,400 men , a third of which was composed of Europeans , the rest being Javanese and Madurese soldiers , as well as one company of Africans , probably from the Dutch colony in Ghana .
The force landed in Bali on 7 May 1848 in the area of Sangsit .
The Balinese numbered 16,000 , including about 1,500 equipped with firearms under Jelantik .
After the Dutch landing , the Balinese withdrew to their fortified position in Jagaraga about 4 kilometers away .
The Dutch attacked the Balinese in Jagaraga despite the intense tropical heat .
The Balinese counter-attacked and routed the Dutch , who left 200 dead and had to reimbark on their ships .
After this humiliating defeat , the Dutch would return , this time successfully , with the Dutch intervention in Bali ( 1849 ) .

Spialia phlomidis
The Persian Skipper ( " Spialia phlomidis " ) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family .
It is found in Albania , Macedonia , Greece , southern Russia , Asia Minor and Iran .
The habitat consists of dry steppe habitats at moderate elevations .
The length of the forewings is 14–15 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July in one generation .
The larvae feed on " Convolvulus libanotica " .

Neurocomputing ( journal )
Neurocomputing publishes articles in the field of neural networks and machine learning .
The journal is published by Elsevier .
It is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and Science Citation Index .
According to the Journal Citation Reports , its 2013 impact factor is 2.005 and its 5 - year impact factor is 2.102 .

D. A. V. Boys Senior Secondary School
D. A. V. Boys Senior Secondary School is a secondary school located in Gopalapuram , an up-market part of Chennai , India .
It is affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education .
The school is noted for its high results in the CBSE Class 12 Board Exams .
The magazines Outlook and Education World rated the school as the best in Tamil Nadu .
Location .
The school is located on Lloyds Road ( Avvai Shanmugham Salai ) .
It is very close to the Gopalapuram residence of a former Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu M. Karunanidhi .
It is flanked by sister institutions D. A. V. Matric School and D. A. V. Girls School .
The boy 's school is attached with the corporation playground .
Curriculum .
D. A. V. Boys Gopalapuram follows the CBSE curriculum from 6th standard onwards .
The average strength of a class is 40 .
Till class ten , the main subjects taught are Science , Social Science , Mathematics , English , and Language .
Choices for Language are Tamil , Hindi and Sanskrit .
Apart from this Computer Science , Third Language , Electrical Gadgets , WoodWork , Art are also compulsory for students till class 8 .
The school is renowned for the discipline and values it inculcates in the students .
Havans are performed by students every week .
Moral Instruction ( M. I ) classes are given great importance with special prizes for students excelling in M. I. Houses .
Tagore , Shivaji , Pratap and Bharati History .
The school D. A. V. ( Dayanand Anglo - Vedic schools system ) was started by Arya Samaj with the motto of " Lead us from darkness unto light " .
Late Mr. Satyadev , Mr. Lalaindesain , Mr Malhotra D. C. along with Mr Jaidev were the founder heads of the school .
Currently Shri Ravi Malhotra is incumbent President of the Board Of Management .
The current Principal is Mrs. Santhy Asokan who replaced Geetha Balachander in 2014 .
Sri A. S. Ram Kalia , Shri Jaidev Ji and Shri Surendra Kumar abely led the school for more than 2 decades and was chiefly responsible for the schools growth .
The school has a long history of academic excellence .
It has produced toppers in CBSE 10th and 12th standard exams as well as the prestigious AIEEE , BITSAT and IITJEE exams year after year.A Thiagarajan ( JEE-2001 AIR 1 ) and P. N. Bhargav who represented India in the IPhO ( Gold ) and IMO ( Hon Mention ) res .
are alums of this school .
It is common for students to participate in community service , particularly after the devastating tsunami of 2004 .
The school is noted to have adopted certain villages where the NCC and the Boy Scouts help rehabilitate victims .
Education World magazine ranked the school first in academic reputation ( along with DPS Delhi ) and over all fourth in the country in the year 2010 .
Famous Teachers In Teaching .
Shanti Shyamsundar for Social Scince , Thayama Geetha for Science , Lenna for tamil , Jayalakshmi for Hindi , Shuba for Maths , Shella Mathew for english Notable Alumni .
Actor Siddharth Narayan .
Leading scientist of Gilead Sciences , a multinational pharmaceutical research institute , Srinivasan Ramanathan .
Swimmer Kutraleeswaran .
Bharat Bala ( AR Rahman associate ) Rama Velamuri ( Professor at CEIBS ) S. Maheswaran - ( Professor at IFMR ) S. Raghunandan ( Head Risk at StanChart UK ) Rishikesha Krishnan - Director , IIM Indore Mr. Arvind subramanian Chief Economic Advisor .. GOI Dr Balaji C Krishnan Professor University of Memphis Naganath - CEO blackrock Professor Easwar Prasad - Professor at Cornell Madhusudan CP - Entrepreneur & Business Head at Lucid - Software Nagarajan S - IIM-Ahmedabad Gold Medalist 1991 & CEO at Tata Elxsi

Muschampia cribrellum
The Spinose Skipper ( " Muschampia cribrellum " ) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family .
A species of arid regions , it is found in northern Hungary , Romania , Serbia , Macedonia and Bulgaria , through the Ukraine , southern Russia , up to the Altai and the Amur region .
The length of the forewings is 13–16 mm. This species resembles " Muschampia tessellum " but is usually smaller , has larger white markings on the upper side of the wings and a distinctively yellow underside of the hindwing .
Adults are on wing from May to June .
There is one generation per year .
The larvae probably feed on " Potentilla " species .

Ness Technologies
Ness Technologies ( ) is an Israel-based provider of IT services .
Overview .
The company provides information technology and business planning services in North America , Europe , the Middle - East , and the Asia Pacific .
It operates in three sectors : software product engineering , system integration , application development and consulting , and software distribution .
Ness Software Product Labs ( SPL ) operates approximately 50 product labs for independent software vendors , high-tech companies , and global organizations .
In the sphere of system integration , application development and consulting , the company offers outsourced information technology services .
NessPro , markets and sells enterprise software licenses of approximately 30 third-party software vendors to corporate clients .
It provides implementation , customization , and support services related to such licenses .
History .
Origins .
The origins of Ness Technologies can be traced to TEKEM , one of the first software houses in Israel , which was co-founded in 1969 by Dr. Yossi Vardi , Meir Burstein and Yoram Rosenfeld .
The name of the company came from its Hebrew initials , which stand for Advanced Technology ( it was known in English as Advanced Technology Limited , or ATL ) .
TEKEM 's first major project was for the Israeli Air Force in cooperation with Hughes Aircraft Company , which also bought a share of the company .
In the 1970s , the company was acquired by the Tadiran conglomerate and grew to become Israel 's leading software house .
Founding Ness .
Between 1997 and 1999 the Wolfson family , New York based real estate investors , acquired six Israeli IT companies , of which TEKEM was the largest .
Following completion of these acquisitions , all the acquired companies were consolidated into a single operating structure , within Ness Technologies a new company that was incorporated in Delaware in March 1999 .
Shortly afterword , Warburg Pincus an American private equity firm bought 20 % of the company .
Global expansion and IPO on NASDAQ .
By 2001 , Ness became Israel 's largest IT services company , and embarked on a global expansion strategy ; the following acquisitions were made as part of that strategy : In September 2004 , Ness Technologies became a public company following an initial public offering on the Nasdaq .
In 2011 Ness was acquired by Citi Venture Capital International for US$ 307 million and delisted from NASDAQ Ranking and awards .
Ness Technologies has been ranked as one of the top ten global IT outsourcing vendors by Brown - Wilson Group .
In addition , Ness Technologies was included on the 2007 Top 50 Best Managed Global Outsourcing Vendors list .
In 2009 , Ness was named in the FinTech 100 ranking of top global technology providers to the financial services industry .
Ness has been on the list for three consecutive years .
Ness has 7,800 employees and maintains operations in 18 countries .
Its clients include Google , IBM , Cisco , Lockheed Martin , the Israel Police , Pfizer , Visa , Automatic Data Processing , Ebay , Pearson Education , De Beers , Long & Foster Amadeus IT Group and Vysya .
Notable Projects .
Leumitrade Israel .
In 2003 , Ness Technologies was chosen to build a stock market trading site for Bank Leumi .
" Bashan , " as the project was called , suffered many setbacks and delays , but the site was launched in 2005 .
The site won many prizes , including 2 consecutive WebiAwards for the best site in Israel .
dbMotion .
In 2004 Ness established dbMotion as a spin-off of its business intelligence solutions unit , which began to develop healthcare software solutions in 2000 .
In 2007 , Ness Technologies announced the sale of its ownership interest in dbMotion .

Itumeleng Duiker
Itumeleng Duiker ( born 16 January 1972 ) is a Botswanan former footballer who played as a midfielder .
He played for the Botswana national football team between 1992 and 2000 .

Symphony No. 8 ( Sessions )
The Symphony No. 8 of Roger Sessions was composed in 1968 .
It is a work in two movements lasting together about fourteen minutes : Noteworthy in the context of Sessions ' symphonies is the use of maracas to accompany the theme in the first movement .
Andrea Olmstead describes all of Sessions 's symphonies as " serious " and " funereal " , with No. 8 being one of four with , " quiet reflective endings .
" No. 8 combines the , " fearsome rhythmic and harmonic densities , " of his maturity , " with the extended melodic phrases , " which were always characteristic of Sessions .
The symphony was premiered on May 2 , 1968 by the New York Philharmonic conducted by William Steinberg .
Instrumentation .
The symphony is scored for a large orchestra consisting of three flutes ( third doubling alto flute ) , three oboes , four clarinets ( fourth doubling E clarinet ) , four bassoons ( fourth doubling contrabassoon ) , four horns , three trumpets , four trombones , tuba , timpani , two percussionists , piano , harp , and strings .

Milan – Genoa railway
The Genoa – Milan railway is a major Italian rail line , connecting the cities of Genoa and Milan .
It is long and fully electrified at 3,000V DC .
Passenger traffic is managed by Trenitalia .
History .
Unlike the Turin - Genoa line , the Milan - Genoa line was not built as a single project .
Instead it developed from the joining of different lines by a shortcut .
The first part of the line from Milan to Genoa is the section from Milano Rogoredo to Pavia , which was opened on 10 May 1862 as a branch off the line from Milano Centrale to Piacenza , opened on 14 November 1861 .
Earlier , on 25 January 1858 , the Alessandria - Tortona - Voghera - Casteggio line opened to the public along with the connection between Tortona and Novi Ligure , providing good connections to the by now completed Turin - Genoa line .
On 14 November 1867 the opening to traffic of the rail link from Pavia to Voghera completed the link between Milan and Genoa .
The section between Genoa and Novi Ligure over the Giovi Pass used by both the Turin - Genoa and the Milan - Genoa lines , however , was extremely difficult and therefore a new link between Arquata Scrivia and Tortona was built which was opened on 1 October 1916 , completing the current form of the line , except for improvements made in Genoa and the deviation opened in 2007 between Milan Rogoredo and Locate Triulzi replacing the 1862 route .
High speed line .
A project has been under development since 1991 for a high speed line between Genoa and Milan ( also known as “ third Giovi pass ” ) .
In 2006 the ‘’ Interministerial Committee for Economic Planning ’ ’ of the Italian Government approved the final draft of this proposal .

Bradley Hore
Bradley Arthur Hore ( born 22 October 1981 in Blacktown , New South Wales ) is an indigenous male boxer from Australia who currently competes as a professional in the super bantamweight division .
He competed for his native country as an amateur at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece , where he was stopped in the second round of the men 's flyweight division ( – 51 kg ) by USA 's Ronald Siler ( 18-32 ) .
He was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder .

Cognitive Systems Research ( journal )
Cognitive Systems Research is a scientific journal that covers all topics in the study of cognitive processes , in both natural and artificial systems .
It is published by Elsevier .
The journal publishes 4 issues a year and is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Science Citation Index .
According to the Journal Citation Reports , its 2008 impact factor is 1.581 .

Ali Eren Beşerler
Ali Eren Beşerler ( born 25 October 1975 ) is a former Turkish international footballer .
He played 170 matches at Süper Lig , from 1994 to 2005 .
Career .
Gençlerbirliği .
Beşerler started his career at hometown club , the capital giant Gençlerbirliği .
He played 18 league matches for the club youth team at PAF League ( reserve league ) in 1992-93 season and 12 league appearances and 2 goals in BAL Ligi for the amateur team .
In 1994–95 season he was promoted to first team .
At Gençlerbirliği he started to play for Turkey U21 since April 1996 and selected to 1997 Mediterranean Games .
Beşiktaş .
He was offered a new 2 - year contract by Gençlerbirliği after the tournament , but in October 1997 , he was sold to Beşiktaş .
He played 5 league matches in the first season , and played as a regular , played 23 starts , and made him received a call-up to national team .
He also signed a new 4 - year contract with club .
With Turkey he played all 6 caps as starter , helped Turkey qualified for UEFA Euro 2000 .
But in club level he just played 7 league matches at 1999-2000 and all from September to December , thus not selected to the UEFA Euro 2000 final tournament .
In the next 2 seasons he played 39 league matches and all as starter .
In his final season , he just played 13 starts and 2 substitutes appearances .
Late career .
In August 2003 he signed for Süper Lig newcomer Çaykur Rizespor on free transfer .
But he just played 8 league matches .
He then played for Kocaelispor at TFF First League , Süper Lig newcomer Akçaabat Sebatspor , Altay at TFF First League , Sivasspor at Süper Lig and lastly for Turgutluspor at TFF Second League .

Oliver Pikati
Oliver Pikati ( born 19 May 1973 ) is a Botswanan former footballer who played as a striker .
He played for the Botswana national football team between 1994 and 2002 .

NetLabs
NetLabs was a software company that was founded in 1989 to address management of SNMP and CMOT ( CMIP over TCP/IP ) devices .
CMOT was specified in RFC 1095 .
This RFC was subsequently obsoleted by RFC 1189 .
RFC 1147 mentions the company and some of its products in a catalog of network management tools .
The company was acquired by Seagate Technology in 1995 as part of its Seagate Software division .
History .
The company was founded in Los Angeles , California by Unni Warrier , Anne Lam , Jon Biggar , and Dan Ketcham .
Larry Wall , the inventor of the Perl programming language , joined the company .
In 1991 , the company relocated to Los Altos , California .
A number of employees moved from Los Angeles to the San Francisco Bay Area to continue with the company .
Around this time , Unni Warrier and Anne Lam left the company , and Andre Schwager ( as CEO ) and Roselie Buonauro ( head of Marketing ) joined .
After being acquired by Seagate ( announced March 20 , 1995 ) , the company moved to Cupertino , California .
Subsequently , Seagate Software sold off the Network and Storage Management Group to Veritas Software .
Veritas in turn sold off some of the software to OpenService , Inc. OpenService changed its name Log Matrix .
Products .
NetLabs products included : The network management marketplace during the years before it was acquired included HP ( OpenView ) , Sun ( SunNet Manager , and Solstice Enterprise Manager ) , Cabletron ( Spectrum ) and others .
NetLabs licensed software to Sun. It also released a version of software that would allow it to coexist and augment OpenView instead of directly competing .
Ultimately , one of the products , NerveCenter , is being offered by LogMatrix .

John Byng , 5th Viscount Torrington
John Byng , 5th Viscount Torrington ( 18 February 1743 – 8 January 1813 ) , styled for most of his lifetime The Hon .
John Byng ( before 1812 ) , was one of the most notable of English eighteenth - century diarists .
His fifteen extant diaries cover the years 1781–1794 , describing his travels on horseback throughout England and Wales during the summers of twelve of those years .
Family .
The younger son of George Byng , 3rd Viscount Torrington , of Southill , Bedfordshire , he succeeded his brother , George , as 5th Viscount on 14 December 1812 but died before he had the opportunity of being introduced in the House of Lords .
The family seat having been sold in his elder brother 's lifetime for the repayment of debt , John Byng was thus a Viscount without an estate .
He was succeeded in the title by his eldest son , George , who took his seat in the House of Lords on 3 February 1813 .
Byng was a great-uncle of the politician , Lord John Russell .
On 3 March 1767 , he married Bridget Forrest , daughter of Commodore Arthur Forrest RN ( d .
1770 ) and Juliana Frederica Marina Cecila Lynch ( 1722–1804 ) .
The marriage produced 14 children , 13 of whom survived infancy : The diaries .
The historian Donald Adamson says there is a missing diary of Byng 's tour of Devon .
Scope of his work .
Byng ’s journeys encompass England and Wales in the summer months of 1781-1794 .
After this time he gave up his journeyings , feeling he was too old to cover so many miles on horseback with only his “ man ” – Thomas Bush , Garwood , young Thomas Bush or an unlikeable unnamed valet – to accompany him and sometimes to ride on ahead to book the inn for the next night ’s stay .
It was also the valet 's responsibility to carry his master 's bedclothes on his own horse , make his master 's bed , attend to both horses , call his master in the morning – and give him consequence .
Viewed in a literary light , Bush or Garwood resembles Don Quixote ’s Sancho Panza .
Byng has written no travel journal for Scotland though he may have been acquainted with that country .
He travelled the Midlands in 1774 without leaving any record of his impressions .
On his travels Byng displays the training and attitude of a retired Army officer ( subsequently , from 1782 to 1799 , a Commissioner of Stamps ) together with the intellectual outlook of an antiquary steeped from his schooldays in Shakespeare and in the Classics of Greek and Roman antiquity .
He delights in ruins , such as those of Tintern Abbey , Crowland Abbey and Fountains Abbey , studies gravestones in many or most of the churchyards he visits , and records the inscriptions on some of them .
He makes detours in order to view historic mansions whilst taking care not to stay at any of them even when they are inhabited by his aristocratic relations .
He does not , for example , enter Woburn Abbey although it is the home of his niece ’s brother - in - law , the future 6th Duke of Bedford .
He does not stay with his brother the 4th Viscount Torrington but at the Sun Inn at Biggleswade , which he calls his “ country seat ” .
In keeping with his military training Byng is gifted with his pencil .
Like Turner in the Lake District , he uses his paintbrushes to sketch charming but somewhat naïve watercolour scenes , as of Barfreston church , Greta Bridge or the “ tortur 'd tree ” at Bell Bar .
Like Horace Walpole or William Thomas Beckford , he loves Gothic architecture , thus foreshadowing the Romantic movement .
( It is the attitude satirized by Jane Austen in " Northanger Abbey " .
) He deplores any “ ugly , staring , red-brick house ” , such as Dunham Massey , Adlington Hall , Etruria Hall or Attingham Park .
And yet , as befits a former Army officer , he admires orderliness and the well-kept economy of a flourishing country estate .
There is a vividness and an immediacy about Byng ’s documentary record which is seldom if ever to be found in the work of any other British diarist .
Byng 's picture of 18th - century society .
Byng is a " laudator temporis acti " , or praiser of times past .
As a Whig he looked favourably on the Hanoverian settlement and expressed a strong dislike for Scotland .
He lamented that Scotland seemed to be taking over England : “ like their native thistles , they never can be weeded out ” .
He was a countryman at heart , far happier fishing and shooting than endeavouring to adapt himself to the airs and graces of polite London society , for which he had little affection .
He fondly recollects his visits to Yotes Court , Maidstone in about 1755 .
Yet emotionally he was rooted in Bedfordshire , the county of his childhood .
Faithful to the established Church of England ( although conscious of its imperfections ) , he had only limited sympathy with Methodism – whilst recognizing its potential to rejuvenate traditional churchgoing .
He was aware that great social changes were afoot and did not totally disapprove of them .
He was full of admiration for Cromford Mill in Derbyshire , and for the pioneering technology of Richard Arkwright .
He admired the silk - mills at Overton near Basingstoke , the mining and the navigation tunnel at Sapperton in Gloucestershire , and Josiah Wedgwood ’s potteries at Etruria , Staffordshire .
But this was the " picturesque " side .
Of the Derbyshire mills he writes : “ These cotton mills , seven storeys high and fill 'd with inhabitants , remind me of a first-rate man of war and , when they are lighted up on a dark night , look most luminously beautiful ” .
Politically , however , he dreaded revolution or even reform .
In the course of his journeyings Byng provides much information about the inns and alehouses of that time .
Often included in his diaries are the bills he has paid at his various stopping - places .
Partly because they were so often on his routes , there were four inns he especially liked : the Sun at Biggleswade , the Haycock at Wansford , the Ram ’s Head at Disley , and the Wheatsheaf at Alconbury ( Hill ) .
People travelled with their own sheets , merely renting a bed at an inn in preference to sleeping in “ damp house sheets ” .
At Leicester the diarist 's bed was “ sheeted , contrary to [ his ] orders ” .
A rushlight would faintly illuminate his bedroom during the hours of darkness .
Byng rose early in the morning and sometimes breakfasted as late as nine .
Broadly speaking , dinner was at two o’clock .
However , it could be called for as late as four .
Supper could be at any time between seven o'clock and nine .
At both meals there was sometimes a fairly wide range of dishes , all of which could be chosen , or just some .
The breakfast drink was usually coffee .
The food was standard fare , with recipes that were fairly identical in whichever part of the country Byng happened to be .
Breakfast would cost 10d , the price of dinner would be 1/6d or 2/ - , and supper 1/ - : at Boston , Lincolnshire it is called a “ gentleman 's supper ” , at 1/9d .
Wine , the cost varying with the quantity consumed , would be an additional charge .
Also additional were the horses ' hay and corn , which generally cost 3/6d to 4/ - .
The quality of inn fare varied enormously .
At Bedford Byng lifted the lid of a damson tart and decided not to have any of it – plastering it down “ for the next comer ” , and adding caustically that “ it was not the first time of the lids being removed ” .
A good “ pigeon-pie , with a pint of good port wine ” was one of his favourite collations .
James Burnett , Lord Monboddo had for “ supper ... a provincial dish , cook 'd from his directions ” .
At the Sun Inn at Biggleswade Byng had not only his own parlour , where he could eat privately , but was also provided with his own lockable chest of drawers ( complete with “ nightcap , shirts , fishing - tackle ” ) and with grazing for his horse whilst he was in London .
Though at Broadway , Worcestershire he enjoyed the luxury of a “ spacious and clean parlour ” , he was often in the “ public parlours ” ; and this was all the more remarkable because of the great disparity which then existed between the grand bedrooms and dining - rooms of historic houses and the cold , draughty , ill-lit “ gallery chamber [ s ] ” where he so frequently had to spend the night .
In the era of inns and alehouses hotels had scarcely come into existence ( though there was one at Buxton and in Manchester there was the Bridgewater Arms Hotel .
The bedrooms in these inns and alehouses could be very primitive indeed .
There might be “ dirty blankets ” ( 25 August 1782 ) .
At Settle his “ windows , door and chimney board kept an incessant clatter ” .
A traveller , or " Tourist " , might even be made to share a servants ' bedroom .
At Lewes Byng and Isaac Dalby had to share a double bed .
On the more positive side , it was sometimes possible to have supper served in one 's bedroom .
On his travels Byng met up with , or glimpsed , many of the prominent people of his age .
In August 1788 he undertook a tour into Sussex with the mathematician Isaac Dalby .
At Biggleswade , in 1792 , he met Humphry Repton .
At Birmingham , in the same year , he encountered Sarah Siddons .
Two years later , at Ampthill , he glimpsed Lord Monboddo travelling post - haste from London to Edinburgh .
Byng leaves unforgettable memories of Blenheim Palace ( its grounds , gardens and gardeners but not of the Duke of Marlborough himself ) .
His meeting with Colonel Johnson , told with economy , lingers in the imagination .
The overall impression is that of a man keenly aware of social change : that is Byng ’s " head " ; but in his " heart " he clings to the old ways .
Purpose of his work .
In England and Wales Byng set out , year after year , on his own sort of Grand Tour .
The Grand Tour , a leisurely exploration of outstanding cultural features of the European Continent , was undertaken by many young men — though not by Byng himself — before and during the 1780s .
Byng , intensely patriotic , believed that there was just as much of interest in Britain as in France or Italy , particularly as England and Wales contained so much that was picturesque .
He writes in his " Fragment of a diary of a Tour in Hertfordshire " , June 1788 : - Now I should be glad to ask of our Travellers , who brag of every country but their own , where they will find a cheaper charge than this [ 18/3d for 2 ½ days ] ; which was on a high road , [ at South Mimms , ] near the metropolis of Europe !
Talk not , therefore , gentlemen , of foreign parts , till you have seen and learnt something of your own country : – ye , who drive by Canterbury Cathedral , without deigning a look , and return boasting of rialtos , eclipsed by the work of the most ordinary Welsh masons .
“ If my journals should remain legible , or be perused at the end of 200 years ” , he writes elsewhere , “ there will , even then , be little curious in them relative to travel , or the people ; because our island is now so explored ; our roads , in general , are so fine ; and our speed has reach 'd the summit ” .
But it is impossible to agree with his assessment that " The Torrington Diaries " or " Rides Round Britain " have no enduring historical value .
Like Samuel Pepys , Byng conveys a most vivid impression of what it was like for the diarist to live from day to day in the society of his own period .

Kimiko Zakreski
Kimiko Zakreski ( born December 31 , 1983 in St. Albert , Alberta ) is a Canadian snowboarder who currently resides in Calgary , Alberta .
Zakreski competes in alpine disciplines , Parallel GS and Parallel Slalom .
She was featured in the MTV Canada series " Summer Sessions " with national riders like Dominique Vallee and close friend Michael Lambert .
She is also featured in the follow-up MTV show " Over the Bolts " which followed the Canadian national team over the season .
Zakreski and her friendship with Lambert is one of the main " storylines " followed on the show .
Zakreski got her first World Cup podium on the 2008-09 FIS Snowboard World Cup tour , finishing second in Limone Piemonte , Italy .
In December during the 2009-10 FIS Snowboard World Cup season she achieved her second ever WC podium finishing third in Telluride , Colorado .
Kimiko competed for Canada at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver .

1925 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team
The 1925 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team was the representative of the University of Nebraska in the 1925 college football season .
The team was coached by Ernest Bearg and played their home games at Memorial Stadium in Lincoln , Nebraska .
Before the season .
Nebraska once again had a change at the top , welcoming Illinois assistant , and Robert Zuppke protégé , Ernest Bearg as the program 's 17th head coach .
Bearg would start the season by coaching his new team against the very squad he had helped coach before coming to Lincoln .
Game notes .
Illinois .
Coach Bearg 's inaugural game was a smashing success , as Nebraska once again opened the season with an up-front challenge against powerhouse Illinois , twice the victor in the last two meetings of these teams .
Cornhusker tackle Ed Weir was more than a match for Fighting Illini QB Red Grange , shutting him and the Illinois squad down like no one ever had before , and keeping Grange from scoring a rushing touchdown for the first of just two times in his college career .
Nebraska ended the short two-game winning streak held by Illinois and improved in the series to 5-2 .
Missouri .
Nebraska traveled to meet reigning conference champion Missouri , upbeat and confident following the strong showing against Illinois .
The Tigers , however , were not going to be brushed aside .
Miscues and a back-breaking fumble late in the game cost the Cornhuskers , and sealed Missouri 's victory .
Nebraska 's consolation after the fact was that they still held a commanding 14-4-1 lead in the series .
Washington .
Nebraska hosted the Washington Huskies in the first meeting of these teams , and the hard fought game resulted in few points for either side .
Although Washington held the early lead , Nebraska was able to stop their push and finally matched their points in the fourth quarter before the final whistle .
Washington began the long journey home as both teams looked to next season 's game , to be held in Seattle , to settle affairs .
Kansas .
Kansas traveled to Nebraska hoping to chip away at the big series lead held by the Cornhuskers , and were initially successful in shutting down Nebraska as both teams were held off the scoreboard throughout the first half .
The Cornhuskers were finally able to break down the Jayhawks and put up a touchdown in the third quarter , and eventually scoring again to seal the game and hand Kansas a shutout and another disappointing outcome .
Nebraska 's lead in the series was extended to 21-9-2 .
Oklahoma .
When the Sooners came to Lincoln , last year 's surprise defeat to Oklahoma was on the minds of the Nebraska squad , as it had been the first time in all six games between these teams that Nebraska was sent away as the loser .
The Cornhuskers came out in dominating fashion , stopping Oklahoma 's attempts to advance at every turn and notching their second straight shutout win in the process .
This was the 200th all-time win for the Nebraska Cornhuskers football team , and advanced their record over the Sooners to 5-1-1 .
Drake .
After an eight year break , the series with Drake was resumed when the Cornhuskers traveled to Des Moines to play in the new Drake Stadium for its dedication event .
The Bulldogs were no longer to be overlooked as a pushover team , as they had finished second or third place in the previous three years in conference play .
Heavy snow moved in , creating difficult conditions for both teams .
Although Nebraska gained more yards and obtained more first downs , it was Drake who took advantage of multiple Cornhusker fumbles and twice found the end zone .
Nebraska 's two-game shutout win streak was snapped when they were themselves shut out , for their second loss in the seven contests between the teams .
Kansas State .
Kansas State and Nebraska fought an evenly matched game , with neither squad able to find the end zone as the line was moved back and forth on the sloppy , wet field .
Finally , as each team 's defense figured the other out , the game ended with a series of back and forth punts in the fourth quarter when neither team could even get first downs , and the final whistle sounded with no points scored on the day .
The Aggies won a small victory for their efforts , however , as this was the first time in all ten games they had played with Nebraska that they had not lost , though they had a long way to go to catch up with Nebraska 's 9-0-1 series lead .
Notre Dame .
Notre Dame was a force to be reckoned with for sure , coming to Lincoln with a 6-1-1 season record ( five of the wins by shutout ) , and in position to claim the western title .
However , the Four Horsemen had graduated , and even considering their success on the season so far , the Fighting Irish team of 1925 was not its former self .
Memorial Stadium was designed to host 38,000 fans , but 45,000 were in the stadium for this game .
Nebraska struck first and decisively , jumping right out to a 14-0 lead in the first quarter before the shocked Irish were able to adjust and stop further scoring attempts in the half .
Nebraska 's brutal plan for an onslaught of running attacks proved effective , as Notre Dame 's roster was exhausted of fresh players able to keep up .
In the third quarter , the Cornhuskers managed to score again on a field goal , and the crowd was sent again into loud celebrations .
No one scored again , and the Irish were sent home with a bitter shutout defeat made all the worse for the harsh anti-Catholic treatment many of the Nebraska locals rained down on the team and their fans .
Knute Rockne himself wrote harshly - worded responses to many of the area papers in response to the indignities suffered by the Irish off the field .
As a result of those events , and also in part due to reductions in the income gained by Notre Dame on their trips to Lincoln , the Athletic Board at Notre Dame chose to end the series .
Rockne himself felt that this was an overreaction and argued to continue the series , but the decision stood and the 1926 game was canceled , and communications between the schools regarding future games was terminated .
Rockne made several unsuccessful attempts in the following years to revive the series , but it would be 22 years before the teams would meet again , leaving the record fittingly tied for now at 5-5-1 .
After the season .
Coach Bearg finished his first season no worse than his predecessor 's last season , but had won impressive victories against Notre Dame and Illinois in the process , and also shepherded the Cornhuskers through the program 's 200th win .
His first year record was 4-2-2 ( .625 ) , causing a slight drop in the program 's overall record , to 201-69-19 ( .728 ) , while the conference record to date slipped to 40-6-5 ( .833 ) .

Richard T. Foley Site
The Richard T. Foley Site is an archaeological site in Jackson Township , Greene County , Pennsylvania , United States , in the southwestern corner of the state .
Located along Job Creek , the site was known since the late 1960s to local artifact collectors as a valuable collection location .
Significant artifacts were discovered by landowner Richard T. Foley in 1971 , when he began to plow part of the site to expand his garden .
Having found bits of flint , bone , and pottery , Foley contacted local archaeologists , who soon began a three-year excavation of the property .
A larger investigation was carried out by archaeologists from the Carnegie Museum of Natural History in 1982 ; they discovered that the area previously excavated was only the periphery of a larger campsite .
Later in 1982 , work led by James T. Herbstritt discovered a village site elsewhere on the property .
Grants from the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission and the R. K. Mellon Foundation enabled Herbstritt to lead another excavation in 1984 , which examined the village found two years before .
The excavation showed that the village had been planned in an oval but consisted of two concentric circles composed of circular houses , at least sixty in number .
At the middle of the village appeared evidence of an earlier Monongahela village underlying the larger site .
Although most Monongahela villages were stockaded , the village at the Foley Site clearly had no stockade .
However , the site was accompanied by a large midden ; along with European trade goods found elsewhere at the site , the midden has demonstrated that the site was occupied during the first third of the seventeenth century .
A large number of artifacts found in the midden at the Foley Site are animal - related , including bones of birds and a wide range of animals , as well as shells of box turtles .
Also present are metal and clay objects such as beads and combs , but perhaps the most significant discovery at the site was that of European - produced objects made of brass and glass .
The presence of these objects enabled archaeologists to determine that the village site was occupied during the Historic Monongahela period .
Like the Foley Site , many Monongahela villages are located in river bottoms .
In 1984 , the Foley Site was added to the National Register of Historic Places because of its information - yielding potential .

Sam Gandy
Dr. Samuel E. Gandy is an international expert in the metabolism of the sticky substance called amyloid that clogs the brain in patients with Alzheimer 's .
Research .
In 1989 , Gandy and his team discovered the first drugs that could lower formation of amyloid .
Gandy has written more than 150 original papers , chapters and reviews on this topic .
He has received continuous National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) funding for his research on amyloid metabolism since 1986 .
Biography .
Gandy is the Mount Sinai Professor of Alzheimer 's Disease Research , Professor of Neurology and Psychiatry , Associate Director of the Mount Sinai Medical Center Alzheimer 's Disease Research Center in New York City , and Chairman Emeritus of the National Medical and Scientific Advisory Council of the Alzheimer 's Association .
He received both his MD and PhD at the Medical University of South Carolina .
He did his postgraduate work at the Columbia University College of Physicians & Surgeons and Cornell University Medical College .
Gandy completed his post-doctorate at Rockefeller University , where he was appointed assistant professor in the laboratory of Paul Greengard , 2000 Laureate of the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine .
Gandy was appointed associate professor of neurology and neurosciences at Cornell University Medical College in 1992 .
In 1997 , he moved to New York University where he served as professor of psychiatry and cell biology until his appointment as Paul C. Brucker , M. D. , Professor of Neuroscience at Jefferson Medical College and Director of the Farber Institute for Neurosciences in 2001 .
In July 2007 , he assumed his current post as Sinai Professor of Alzheimer ’s Disease Research at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine .
He is also a member of the Research Consortium of the Cure Alzheimer 's Fund .
In 2009 , Gandy was featured with other prominent research scientists as one of GQ 's " Rockstars of Science " and featured in the international documentary film " I Remember Better When I Paint " which examines the phenomenon of how pathways to emotional parts of the brain of those with Alzheimer 's are awakened through the creative arts .
Gandy has appeared numerous times speaking about Alzheimer 's in major news media including PBS Newshour .

2003 Russian Figure Skating Championships
The 2003 Russian Figure Skating Championships ( ) is held annually to determine the Russian national champions .
Skaters compete in the disciplines of men 's singles , ladies singles , pair skating , and ice dancing .
The results of the 2003 Nationals were one of the criteria used to pick the Russian teams to the 2003 European Figure Skating Championships and the 2003 World Figure Skating Championships .
The 2003 championships took place in Kazan from December 26th through 29th , 2002 .

Joel Brunker
Joel Brunker ( born 22 February 1986 in Richmond , New South Wales ) is a featherweight boxer from Australia .
He competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
He was eliminated in the first round of the men 's bantamweight division ( – 54 kg ) by eventual bronze medalist Aghasi Mammadov .
He was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder .

Keitumetse Paul
Keitumetse Paul ( born 19 May 1973 ) is a Botswanan former footballer who played as a midfielder .
He played for the Botswana national football team between 1995 and 2002 .

Penstemon cinicola
Penstemon cinicola is a species of penstemon known by the common name ash penstemon .
It is native to northeastern California and southern Oregon , where it grows in forests and plateau habitat .
It is a perennial herb with upright branches 40 centimeters in maximum height .
The leaves are 3 to 6 centimeters long , linear in shape , folded lengthwise , and curved backwards .
The inflorescence produces tubular flowers with wide lipped mouths .
The flower is blue-purple in color , just under a centimeter long , and hairless except for hairs on the floor of the mouth and on the staminode .

Wanakena Presbyterian Church
Wanakena Presbyterian Church , also known as Mount Lebanon Presbyterian Church and Western Adirondack Presbyterian Church , is a historic Presbyterian church located at Wanakena in St. Lawrence County , New York .
It was built in 1903 and is a " steepled ell " plan with its steepled entry tower located at the intersection of the two volumes .
The tower has a louvered belfry topped by a pyramidal roof .
Its design is attributed to church plan catalogue architect Benjamin D. Price .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007 .

Macroloxoceras
Macroloxoceras is a large pseuorthocerid from the upper Devonian of Central Colorado and Southern New Mexico with features resembling those found in actinocerids .
Pseudorthocerids and actinocerids ( respectively Pseuorthocerida and Actinocerida ) are extinct nautiloid cephalopods , generally with long straight shells and expanded siphuncle segments filled with organic deposits .
Morphologic Description .
" Macroloxoceras " has an orthconic shell with a strongly depressed cross section and markedly flattened venter .
Sutures have broad ventral lobes but are otherwise straight and transverse .
The siphuncle is ventral of the center ; composed of broadly expanded segments with a spheroidal outline .
Septal necks are cytochoantic .
Connecting rings are thin and make contact over a wide area on the previous septa at their adapical ends .
Endosiphuncular deposits are fairly ubiquitous , begin at the septal openings and grow mostly forward to connect with the next in the anterior part of the following segment .
Cavities left in the segments are connected to the rings by two series of radial canals ; one at the anterior end of the segment near the end of the septal neck ; the other starting in the middle , curving back and ending about where the connecting rings makes contact with the previous septum .
Cameral deposits are well developed .
Taxonomy .
" Macroloxoceras " , named and described by Rousseau H. Flower in 1957 , is included in the Pseudorthocerid family Pseudactinoceratidae and is placed in the subfamily Macroloxoceratinae , named by him for this genus .
Flower in 1957 designated the Pseuorthoceratidae as a family in the Michelinoceratida , more commonly known as the Orthocerida .
Two species have been identified , the genotype " Macroloxoceras magnum " from the Upper Devonian Chaffe Limestone near Glenwood Springs , Colorado and " Macroloxoceras minor " from the upper 20 ft of the Pecha Shale near Santa Rita , New Mexico .
The holotype of " M. magnum " is a long section of the phragmocone with 14 camerae and s short portion of the living chamber , the cross section of which increases from a width of and height of 37mm at the base to a width of and height of about at the anterior end .
The chambers increase in length from .
Septal openings are 5mm across , rings expand so as segments are at least at their greatest width .
Siphunclular depostis are thickest in the posterior part of the segments , become thin in the anterior part where they connect with the next deposit forward .
Radial canals are as described for the genus .
The holotype of " M. minor " is a portion of a phragmocone with a natural horizontal section of the siphuncle with the ventral portion remaining and dorsal portion removed be erosion .
The " M. magnum " holotype is deposited with the Paleontological Research Institute while the " M. minor " holotype is in the paleontology collection of the New Mexico Museum of Natural History and Science , transferred from the New Mexico Bureau of Mines and Mineral Resources .

Agisanyang Mosimanegape
Agisanyang Mosimanegape ( born 29 December 1978 ) is a Botswana former footballer who played as a defender .
He played for the Botswana national football team between 1997 and 2002 .

2011 Cricket World Cup Group B
Play in Group B of the 2011 Cricket World Cup took place from 19 February to 20 March 2011 .
The group consisted of hosts India and Bangladesh , along with England , Ireland , Netherlands , West Indies and South Africa .
The top four teams advanced to the quarter - finals .
Matches .
India vs Bangladesh .
The World Cup opened with a match between co-hosts Bangladesh and India , with this being the only match India , the hot favorites , were not playing at home in the tournament .
Bangladesh captain Shakib Al Hasan won the toss and sent India in to bat ; however his decision was quickly proved wrong .
Virender Sehwag hit the first ball of the tournament for four , and he along with Sachin Tendulkar added 69 for the first wicket at over a run a ball until the latter was run out after a mix - up .
Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir then had their team cruise to 152/1 , when Gambhir was bowled by Mahmudullah but that did not stop Sehwag , who cruised to his century and then rapidly accelerated along with Virat Kohli .
India cruised past 300 , and Sehwag posted a career-best 175 before getting out , and Kohli also got his ton as India posted a daunting 370/4 at the end of their 50 overs .
Bangladesh started off rapidly in their chase , getting 51 runs in the first five overs without losing a wicket ; but soon , at the score of 56 , Imrul Kayes played on to a Munaf Patel delivery .
Tamim Iqbal got a half - century , but the Bangladesh run-rate slowed after that and they were n't in the hunt , and at the end they got to 283/9 without really challenging the Indian total .
Virender Sehwag 's score of 175 was his 14th ODI hundred , and the fourth highest score in the history of the Cricket World Cup .
Netherlands vs England .
Netherlands captain Peter Borren won the toss and elected to bat first against England , one of the contenders for the trophy .
Netherlands started well , with openers Alex Kervezee and Wesley Barresi going at a quick pace but England fought back , getting both openers soon after ; and after 33 overs , Netherlands were 149/4 .
Then Ryan ten Doeschate accelerated , and went on to score a brilliant century , and this , coupled with very poor fielding from England , helped Netherlands plunder 104 runs off the last ten overs and lead them to a strong 292/6 .
The English started off very strongly in their reply , getting their first 100 runs at a run a ball without losing a wicket .
Kevin Pietersen fell soon after , but Netherlands were unable to build on it .
England captain Andrew Strauss closed in on a century but holed out and all the England top order batsmen scored runs , with Paul Collingwood and Ravi Bopara taking England home with 1.2 overs to spare .
The Netherlands score of 292 was the second highest score from an Associate nation playing against a Test nation .
West Indies vs South Africa .
South Africa , another one of the pre-tournament favorites played their first match of the tournament against a West Indies team which is currently in transisition .
South Africa won the toss , set West Indies in to bat , and opened the bowling with spinner Johan Botha , which was vindicated as he got the wicket of Chris Gayle in the first over .
Darren Bravo then came into the crease and played an aggressive knock of 73 , with support from Devon Smith in a strong century stand until Botha trapped Bravo in front .
Two quick wickets on debut by Imran Tahir left West Indies on 120/4 but a counterattack from Dwayne Bravo , who was well assisted by Shivnarine Chanderpaul took West Indies to a healthy 209/5 with over 7 overs left .
However , Tahir returned to get the wickets of Chanderpaul and Devon Thomas , the other set batsman before Dale Steyn cleaned up the tail to restrict the West Indies to 222 .
South Africa stuttered at the start of their reply , with Hashim Amla and Jacques Kallis falling cheaply early on .
AB de Villiers then came into the crease and counterattcked with a string of boundaries , reaching his half-century at close to a run - a - ball .
He and captain Graeme Smith had over a century partnership for the third wicket until Kieron Pollard got one through Smith 's defences .
This , however turned out to a false dawn for West Indies , as de Villers reached his century off 97 balls , and together with JP Duminy got the remaining 84 runs with over seven overs left .
AB de Villiers century was the fastest by a South African in the World Cup and the South African victory was the 12th successive win against the West Indies .
Bangladesh vs Ireland .
Bangladesh captain Shakib Al Hasan won the toss against Ireland and elected to bat , after conceding 370 against India after setting them in .
His decision seemed to be vindicated at the start of Bangladesh 's innings , with Tamim Iqbal unleashing a flurry of boundaries immediately , to take Bangladesh to 49/0 after 5 overs .
Ireland needed a moment of inspiration and they got it from wicketkeeper Niall O ' Brien who did a brilliant stumping to send Imrul Kayes on his way .
Ireland quickly built on it , with a direct hit from Ed Joyce catching Junaid Siddiqui short , before both Tamim and Shakib were also dismissed softly .
Mushfiqur Rahim and Raqibul Hasan staged a recovery then , and at 147/4 in the 34th over , Bangladesh looked well set for a score above 250 until Mushfiqur top-edged a sweep of George Dockrell .
This triggered another collapse , and only a late cameo from Naeem Islam took Bangladesh to 205 .
Ireland started off solidly in their reply , but then the Bangladesh spinners led by Shakib and Mohammad Ashraful took wickets at regular intervals .
The match was evenly poised with Ireland 93/4 after 25 overs .
Niall O ' Brien was the key to the chase but with the score at 110 , he was dismissed after a brilliant catch by Tamim Iqbal .
Kevin O ' Brien continued to fight , taking Ireland above 150 and giving them another sniff at victory till he holed out to deep square-leg off Shafiul Islam .
A pumped-up Shafiul then ran through the tail , and Ireland were all out for 178 , falling 27 runs short .
Shafiul Islam recorded the best figures for a Bangladeshi bowler in World Cup matches , with 4/21 .
India vs England .
Having scored 370 in their previous game , India elected to bat after winning the toss against England .
Virender Sehwag , fresh from his 175 the previous game blazed away at the start of the innings , hitting a rapid 35 before falling to Tim Bresnan .
Sachin Tendulkar then took over the innings , and was ably assisted by Gautam Gambhir .
The duo continued at a very rapid pace and added 133 runs until Gambhir was bowled by Graeme Swann for 51 .
Tendulkar went on to get his hundred , and eventually when he did get out for 120 , India were strongly placed at 236/3 in the 39th over .
Yuvraj Singh and MS Dhoni continued on at a brisk pace , with Yuvraj reaching his fifty off just 45 balls .
India passed 300 in the 45th over , but then Yuvraj and Dhoni fell off consecutive balls to trigger a collapse .
Bresnan took three wickets in four balls to get his five - for , and India did not bat their 50 overs , being all out for 338 with a ball left .
England got off to a very strong start in their chase , with both Andrew Strauss and Kevin Pietersen going a rapid pace .
Pietersen was dismissed for 31 in a freak way off Munaf Patel , but Strauss went on to get his fifty .
Jonathan Trott was unable to convert a start , but Strauss and Ian Bell then indulged in a sensational stand of 170 runs for the third wicket .
The duo also easily kept the required run rate well under control , keeping it around 7 .
Strauss reached his century off just 99 balls , and Bell took 45 to reach his half - century .
England were 280/2 after 42 overs , when Zaheer Khan produced a sensational over , getting Bell caught at mid-off for 69 and catching Strauss plumb in front for a brilliant 158 .
Paul Collingwood and Matt Prior went cheaply , but some lusty blows from Bresnan and Swann kept England in the hunt , with 14 required off the last over .
Swann managed 3 off the first 2 balls before Ajmal Shahzad hit a six off the third to leave England with just 5 from 3 . A single and a two later meant that 2 was required off the last ball with all three results possible .
Swann dug the last ball from Patel away for a single , which meant that the game was tied .
India batted first and opener Sachin Tendulkar scored his 47th ODI century and 5th World Cup century , the highest number of centuries by anyone ever in a World Cup .
Support came from Gautam Gambhir and Yuvraj Singh who both made half - centuries .
Tim Bresnan took his first five-wicket haul in ODI matches , which included three wickets with four balls in the 49th over .
Chasing 339 to win , Andrew Strauss made his highest score in ODI cricket , with 158 , before being dismissed by Zaheer Khan .
Ian Bell survived an earlier LBW appeal , after it was referred via the DRS system .
After a collapse from England , Graeme Swann scored one run off the final ball , tying the match .
West Indies vs Netherlands .
West Indian bowler Kemar Roach took a hat-trick with the final three balls of the game and became the first West Indian player to take a hat-trick in a World Cup match .
England vs Ireland .
England batted first with Jonathan Trott making 92 from 92 balls .
During his innings , Trott reached 1,000 runs in ODI cricket , from just 21 innings , equalling the record set by Vivian Richards and team-mate Kevin Pietersen .
England finished on 327/8 from their 50 overs .
In reply , Ireland lost their captain , Will Porterfield in the very first ball , and were struggling at 111/5 .
Kevin O ' Brien then made 100 in just 50 balls , the fastest century in World Cup history .
Ireland chased down the 327 set by neighbours England , winning by 3 wickets .
It was the largest successful run chase in Cricket World Cup history South Africa vs Netherlands .
AB de Villiers made his 11th ODI century , with 134 runs from 98 balls .
His partnership of 221 runs with Hashim Amla is the highest ODI total in Mohali .
Bangladesh vs West Indies .
Bangladesh were bowled out for 58 runs , which was their lowest ODI score , and the fourth lowest score in World Cup matches .
In reply , the West Indian opener Chris Gayle finished 37 * and made his 8,000th ODI run .
England vs South Africa .
England batted first and lost the wickets of Andrew Strauss and Kevin Pietersen in the first over .
Jonathan Trott and Ravi Bopara put on a partnership worth 99 runs , but England finished all out for 171 , with four overs still remaining .
In reply , South Africa reached 124 with the loss of just three wickets , but then lost the next four wickets inside five overs for three runs .
Stuart Broad took the final two wickets , to give England victory by six runs .
India vs Ireland .
Yuvraj Singh became the first player to score a 50 and take 5 wickets in a World Cup match .
India vs Netherlands .
During the match , Sachin Tendulkar became the first player to score more than 2,000 runs in World Cup cricket .
Yuvraj Singh took his 100th ODI wicket , with the dismissal of Wesley Barresi .
Bangladesh vs England .
Bangladesh 's score was at one point 169/8 but tail ender 58 run partnership brought victory for the team .
Bangladesh 's win in this match was only their second against England in a total of 15 ODIs .
India vs South Africa .
India won the toss and chose to bat .
Sachin Tendulkar and Virendar Sehwag put on 142 for the first wicket .
India reached 267 before the next wicket fell .
India then lost their next 8 wickets for 29 runs , to finish with a total 296 all out .
Ireland vs South Africa .
After this victory , South Africa became the first team to qualify for the Quarter - Finals from Group B. Ireland were eliminated following this defeat .
England vs West Indies .
England had to win the game to have any realistic chance of going through to the quarter finals , and 243 all out looked like a difficult score to defend , especially with the poor fielding that had plagued England throughout the tournament .
However , the West Indies collapsed to 225 all out , after a spectacluar run out by Matt Prior .
Bangladesh vs South Africa .
This is Bangladesh 's second lowest score in World Cup and sixth in their ODI history .
Bangladesh managed seven runs in the bowling Powerplay , the lowest in the tournament , trumping Kenya who had made nine runs against Sri Lanka .
After this victory by South Africa , India and England are qualified for Quarter - Finals from Group B. India vs West Indies .
Virender Sehwag did not play due to knee problems .

Mike Jones ( referee )
Michael J. Jones ( born 18 April 1968 ) is an English professional football referee based in Chester .
He is a member of the Cheshire County Football Association .
He began refereeing in the Football League in 1997 and was promoted in 2008 to the list of Select Group Referees who officiate all Premier League fixtures .
In 2009 he refereed the FA Trophy final at Wembley Stadium .
Career .
Jones was promoted to the Football League 's list of referees in 1997 , his first match in charge being Mansfield Town against Hull City in August of that year .
His first game at Wembley Stadium was also in 2007 : the Football League Two play-off final which saw Bristol Rovers defeat Shrewsbury Town 3–1 .
Jones dismissed Shrewsbury 's Marc Tierney in the last minute for a second bookable offence : Tierney became the second man to be sent off at the new Wembley .
In 2008 Jones became a Select Group referee , allowing him to regularly officiate games in the Premier League .
His first match in England 's top flight was Hull City versus Wigan Athletic .
In October 2009 Jones infamously allowed to stand a bizarre goal scored by Darren Bent for Sunderland against Liverpool .
Bent 's shot at goal took a deflection off a beach ball which had been thrown onto the pitch by a fan in the Liverpool supporters ' section .
Under the Laws of the Game , the beach ball should have been considered an " outside agent " and Jones should have disallowed the goal and awarded a drop - ball .
He was subsequently demoted for one week to officiate a match in the Football League Championship .
The beach ball from the incident was sent for display at England 's National Football Museum in Manchester .
Jones was the fourth official for the 2012 FA Cup Final , with Phil Dowd taking charge .
In October 2013 Jones was required to act upon another bizarre incident where a goal was apparently scored under controversial circumstances .
In the final moments of a Premier League game between Norwich City and Cardiff City which was to end 0–0 , Cardiff 's goalkeeper David Marshall had put the ball out of play to allow Norwich 's Alexander Tettey to receive treatment from a physio .
Ricky van Wolfswinkel took the subsequent throw for Norwich and his teammate Leroy Fer tapped the ball into the net as Marshall looked on .
The apparent goal , which sparked a brawl on the pitch , was disallowed by Jones who stated he had not blown his whistle to restart play .
Cardiff 's manager Malky Mackay praised the official 's decision .
In late 2014 Jones was the subject of controversy following Southampton 's 3–0 defeat to Manchester City , during which he failed to award City a penalty for a foul on Sergio Agüero , instead booking the striker for diving .
The following weekend , Jones officiated a Championship match between Wolverhampton Wanderers and Bournemouth .
During that match , he made a number of debatable decisions , including dismissing Wolves ' Rajiv van La Parra after a clash of heads with Bournemouth defender Steve Cook , and incorrectly awarding Bournemouth a corner which led to the visitors scoring the winning goal .
Van La Parra 's red card was subsequently rescinded , and Jones was dropped from the refereeing roster for the next week 's fixtures .
On 1 January 2015 Jones awarded Liverpool two disputed penalties in a 2–2 draw with Leicester City .
Liverpool 's first penalty was given for a handball against Wes Morgan , though replays showed the ball clearly struck Morgan in the face .

Ir Ganim
Ir Ganim ( Hebrew : עיר גנים , " city of gardens " ) is a neighborhood in southwest Jerusalem bordering Kiryat Menachem .
History .
Planning for Ir Ganim began in 1953 .
It was designed for a population of 8,000-10, 000 new immigrants on 1,577 dunams of land .
The first 500 housing units were built by the Rassco company employing a higher standard of building than other new immigrant neighborhoods .
Each home had a private garden .
Ir Ganim Aleph was established in 1957 .
Before moving to Ir Ganim , most of the residents had been living in " maabarot " ( transit camps ) .
Some of the land was owned by the Jewish National Fund and the rest was provided by the Israel Lands Administration .
Demographics .
The population of Ir Ganim neighborhood is diverse , including both native Israelis and immigrants from Ethiopia and Russia .
It is considered a poor neighborhood , but has wealthier sections , such as Ir Ganim Aleph , overlooking the Judean Mountains .
Kibbutz Reisheet , an urban kibbutz , is located in Ir Ganim .
Sections and streets .
The neighborhood is divided into three sections : Ir Ganim Aleph , between Mexico Road and Halamit Road , west of the valley that separates it from Kiryat Hayovel .
Ir Ganim Bet lies between Panama , Dahomey , Halamit and Avivit Roads ; and Ir Ganim Gimmel is bordered by Costa Rica Road .
Many of the streets are named for countries in Latin America that voted in favor of the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948 .
Others are named for wildflowers .
Public institutions .
Ir Ganim has its own library and shares a community center " ( matnas ) " with Kiryat Menachem .
Nahal Lavan .
The Lavan Valley is situated between Ir Ganim and Givat Massuah to the east and Moshav Ora to the west .
The valley contains the riverhead of Nahal Sifan , the Second Temple period site of Ha-Rogem , olive presses , water cisterns and watch towers , and the ruins of an ancient settlement near Ein Lavan Spring .

Adam Matuszczyk
Adam Matuszczyk ( ; born 14 February 1989 ) is a Polish footballer who plays for Eintracht Braunschweig and is a member of the Poland national team .
Naturally a left midfielder , he can also be deployed as a defensive midfielder .
Career .
Matuszczyk began his career with SpVgg Merzig and later joined VfB Dillingen .
After successful years with the youth teams of VfB Dillingen he was scouted by 1 .
FC Köln in the summer of 2003 and was promoted to the reserve team in the 2008–09 season .
In the first half of the season , Matuszczyk earned 11 caps and , on 3 February 2009 , was promoted to the Bundesliga team of 1 .
FC Köln .
He made his Bundesliga debut on 27 February 2010 against Bayer Leverkusen .
His first Bundesliga goals came on 10 April , when he scored twice to give Köln a 2–0 away win versus Hoffenheim .
In January 2012 , he was loaned to Fortuna Düsseldorf .
In May 2015 , Matuszczyk signed a three-year contract with Eintracht Braunschweig .
International career .
The former U-21 team player earned his first call up to the Poland national football team on 19 December 2009 for the King 's Cup in Thailand .
However , he was retained by his club due to the tournament 's scheduling outside of the official FIFA calendar for international matches .
On 4 May 2010 , he was called up for the friendly games in May 2010 .
He made his international debut on 29 May 2010 against Finland .
His first international goal came against the United States in October 2010 .
Personal life .
He was born in Gliwice , Poland and moved to Germany in 1991 at the age of two thus he also has a German passport .
He is married to wife Denise with whom he has a son , Lennox .
He is known in Germany as " Adam Matuschyk " .

Noah Kareng
Noah Kareng is a Botswanan former footballer who played as a midfielder .
He played one match for the Botswana national football team in 2002 .

Penstemon clevelandii
Penstemon clevelandii is a species of penstemon known by the common name Cleveland 's beardtongue .
It is native to southern California and Baja California , where it grows in mountain and desert habitat such as scrub , woodland , and chaparral .
It is a perennial herb with upright , branching stems 70 centimeters in maximum height .
The thick leaves are oval in shape , sometimes toothed , and 2 to 6 centimeters in length .
The inflorescence produces tubular flowers with expanded , lipped mouths .
The flower is pink to magenta in color , up to 2.4 centimeters in length , and somewhat glandular on the outer surface .
There are three subtaxa recognized as varieties or subspecies .

Planet Pop Festival
Planet Pop Festival has been an annual festival of dance music performed by the Building Records label , which has involved dance music artists of international radio stations in Brazil each year .
The show , which had its first edition in 2003 , only had one Brazilian submission , with the international group Lasgo playing the opening show .
The event had not yet been termed " Planet Pop Festival " during the first year , but was named thus in 2004 .
The location of the show has been the Via Funchal theatre , located in Vila Olímpia of São Paulo .
The events for the festivals from 2004-2009 are described below .
2004 Edition .
The first Planet Pop Festival was held on 13/14 August 2004 , at the Via Funchal playhouse .
At the time of the event , which was streamed live by Jovem Pan radio station , as dance music was having a surge in popularity at the time .
Italian Rossano Prini , known as DJ Ross , was popular with the hits " Emotion " , " Floating In Love " and " Dreamland " .
Tristano De Bonis , known by the stage name , was popular with the hits " This Is Better " and " If You " .
, the sister of Tristano De Bonis ( Magic Box ) was popular with the songs " Ditto " , " I Do not Know " and " Relations " , and at that time had a roll with DJ Ross .
The trio , which comes from Italy , was certainly one of the great attractions of the night , performing together on stage .
On the same night , there were also two of the most renowned projects in the history of dance music : Lasgo and Ian Van Dahl .
The first , led by singer Evi Goffin and accompanied by dancer duo , ended the evening concerts , and was certainly the show that most stirred the public .
Ian Van Dahl played his new hits of the then-new CD " Lost & Found " , and also old hits such as " Castles In The Sky " , " Try " and " Will I? " .
The show also had performances by Brazilian project Dalimas playing a remix cover of " Livin ' On A Prayer " by Bon Jovi .
The estimated audience to have watched the 2003 shows was over 15 thousand people , between the two nights .
The first night , the show was recorded , and its DVD released 7 months later ; it was called " Live Planet Pop Festival in Brazil , Volume 1 " .
2005 Edition .
In the second edition of the event , there was notable greater care of the production of the stage set .
But at the same time , there were many complaints from the public about the low sound that was issued by amplifying boxes , and the fact the lighting in Via Funchal was very intense for virtually every show .
This event occurred on 7/8 April 2005 , and the event was less public than the previous edition .
The 2005 event repeated the attraction of Italian DJ Ross , and and brought the German DJ Jan Wayne , responsible for hits " Total Eclipse of the Heart " and " More Than a Feeling " .
Charlene ( Germany ) was also present .
A key attraction of the evening was The Underdog Project , from Germany .
The 2005 edition marked the debut of Daytona at a big event .
Another project led by Tibor Yuzo wrote a song exclusively for the event called " The Butterfly " .
The Dalimas also played .
2006 Edition .
The 2006 edition of the event was again held in April .
It was a huge hit both with audiences and critics .
Confirmed artists : Ian Van Dahl and Lasgo ; Groove Coverage and fellow German DJ Jan Wayne together with Charlene ; DJ Ross and Double You ; Daytona ; Dalimas and Kasino .
Ian Van Dahl released the song " Movin ' On " , which was Brazilian radio 's No. 1 four times in 2006 , an unprecedented feat for a dance music song .
In both concerts , the repertoire and format of the presentations were similar .
The order was as follows : Daytona , Dalimas , Kasino , Jan Wayne & Charlene , DJ Ross , Double You , Groove Coverage , Lasgo and Ian Van Dahl singing together on stage .
Later , Charlene came back and sang with Mel ( lead singer of Groove Coverage ) the classic " I 'll Fly With You " by Gigi D' Agostino and Love Generation .
In the end , the joint rendition belonged to Annemie Coenen ( Ian Van Dahl ) and Evi Goffin ( Lasgo ) and included the hit " Surrender " .
It is estimated that the attendance this year was 6,000 people on Friday and 7,500 on Saturday .
The show 's DVD was launched in December 2006 , entitled " Planet Pop Festival Live in Brazil Volume 3 " .
2009 Edition .
The Planet Pop Festival 2009 took place on June 27 2009 at Via Funchal .
The 2009 edition came with an approximation towards electro electro house music .
Commencing at 21:00 , it was attended by : Moony , DJ Antoine Ft. Roby Rob , Milk & Sugar Ft. Ayak , Spyzer , Tom Hopkins ft. Samara , House Boulevard , Liberty House , DJ Ronaldinho , Joe K , Tiko 's Groove , Marcelo Sá , Rafael Pucci , and DJ Tom Hopkins .
The 2009 edition had the support of 97 FM radio energy .

Suh Sang-chul
Suh Sang - Chul ( 1935–1983 ) was a South Korean economist , educator and administrator .
Biography .
He was born as a son of the father , Suh Chang - sun who ran a brewery business and the mother , Gwak Bok - sun in Hongseong , South Chungcheong province in 1935 .
As Suh graduated Seoul High School in 1954 , he entered College of Commerce at Seoul National University .
In 1955 , he went to the United States to study , and finished his undergraduate and graduate studies at the Economics Department of Clark University in Worcester , Massachusetts in 1958 and the following year respectively .
Suh focused on studying economic development at Harvard University under the direction of internationally renowned scholar , Simon Kuznets and received his doctorate degree in 1964 .
As Suh worked as a professor at Clark University , and at the World Bank , he experiencing a sense of the international economy and educational experience in economics .
In 1972 , Suh returned to South Korea and worked as a professor at Department of Economy , Korea University .
Suh also actively participated in developing economic policies , so he served as a member of Foreign Economic Committee in 1973 , Tax System Audit Committee , and a director representative of the South Korean branch of the World Bank .
He served as Vice-Minister of Construction and then was appointed as Minister of Power Resource in 1982 .
He died for the Rangoon bombing incident in Burma in 1983 in his performance of his duties during an unofficial tour of President Chun Doo-hwan 's to Southwest Asia and Oceania .

Salil Shetty
Salil Shetty ( born 3 February 1961 is an Indian human rights activist who currently serves as Secretary General of the human rights organization Amnesty International ( 2010–present ) .
Previously , he was the director of the United Nations Millennium Campaign .
Before joining the UN , he served as the Chief Executive of ActionAid .
Early life and education .
Shetty grew up in Bangalore .
His mother , Hemlatha Shetty , was active in women ’s groups and his father , V. T. Rajshekar , was active with the Dalit movement .
He received a BCom in Advanced Accounting from St. Joseph 's College of Commerce in 1981 , an MBA in 1983 , and an MSc in Social Policy and Planning from the London School of Economics in 1991 .
In 1983 , he began working for the Indian IT company Wipro , and served as Chief Executive of ActionAid from 1998 to 2003 .
He became director of the United Nations Millennium Campaign in 2003 .
Amnesty International .
Shetty was appointed as Secretary General of the human rights organization Amnesty International on 21 December 2009 starting work in July 2010 .
He succeeded Irene Khan in this post .
Decentralisation controversy .
The decentralisation of Amnesty International 's international secretariat , led by Shetty , has caused a serious dispute amongst the organisation 's staff .
According to an article published by the Guardian on 2 December 2012 , The British newspaper " The Observer " , where Amnesty International 's founder launched the organization in 1961 , characterized the situation caused by Shetty 's sacking of staff working on core issues such as women 's rights and the death penalty : " Amnesty was one of 20th - century Britain 's greatest gifts to the world .
Now it is a wreck . "

Air - laid paper
Air - laid paper is a textile - like material categorized as a nonwoven fabric made from fluff pulp .
Properties .
Compared with normal wet - laid paper and tissue , air - laid paper is very bulky , porous and soft .
It has good water absorption properties and is much stronger compared with normal tissue .
Main characteristics are : Manufacture .
Unlike the normal papermaking process , air - laid paper does not use water as the carrying medium for the fibre .
Fibres are carried and formed to the structure of paper by air .
The air - laid structure is isotropic .
The raw material is long fibered softwood fluff pulp in roll form .
The pulp are defibrized in a hammermill .
Defibration is the process of freeing the fibres from each other before entering the papermachine .
Important parameters for dry defibration are shredding energy and knot content .
Normally an air - laid paper consists of about 85 % fibre .
A binder must be applied as a spray or foam .
Alternatively , additional fibres or powders can be added to the pulp which can then be activated and cured by heat .
History .
The Danish inventor Karl Krøyer is considered to be the first who commercialized air - formed paper in the early 1980s .
Others developed different processes independently at about the same time .

USC &amp; GSS Pathfinder ( 1899–1941 )
The first USC&GSS " Pathfinder " , also noted in some NOAA histories as " old " Pathfinder " " , was a United States Coast and Geodetic Survey Ship in service from 1899 to 1941 when she was beached in a sinking condition January 30 , 1942 after 40 years ( November 18 , 1901 – January 30 , 1942 ) service in the Philippines .
Construction and characteristics .
The Secretary of Commerce 's Annual Report ending fiscal year 1900 contains the report of Frank Walley Perkins , Assistant , Coast and Geodetic Survey , Commanding , " Pathfinder " with the following a summary of his comments on construction and ship 's characteristics .
The ship was built at the Crescent Shipyard , Elizabethport , New Jersey launched December 7 , 1898 .
She was a three deck steel ship of extra strength built for work in the Aleutian Archipelago where strong currents , distances from supply bases required a vessel of considerable power and coal capacity .
She had 15 water tight compartments with dimensions of 196 ' 3 " over all , 33 ' 6 " beam , 19 ' 8 " " depth of hold " and equipped for sea draws 13 ' .
She is brigantine - rigged with some 4,500 square feet of canvas and a single , 10 ' diameter 13 ' pitch , screw .
Her vertical triple expansion steam engines with twenty-eight inch stroke developed 846 horsepower or 1,173 horsepower under forced draft with a speed of 10.5 to 13 knots .
Her range was estimated at about 5,000 miles with a bunker capacity of 240 tons of coal .
She was entirely steel with three decks This report begins using the name " U .
S. S. " Pathfinder " , " possibly causing some later confusion as the ship was always Coast and Geodetic Survey and never commissioned in the Navy .
According to an account by one of the ships ' commanding officers she was " built by Lewis Nixon . . .
using the plans of the Vanderbilt Yacht , the " because the appropriation was too small to cover the ship the Survey desired .
Initial voyage Washington - Honolulu .
Frank Walley Perkins took command June 1 , 1898 and on the 7th sailed to Hampton Roads with a 65 - man Navy enlisted crew with Coast Survey officers .
The ship was not equipped for the transit with deep-sea sounding equipment for survey work but there was hope for observations that could be made without the deep sounding gear .
On March 17 , 1899 a board appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury consisting of two Survey officer , two Revenue - Marine Service officers and a United States local inspector of boilers made trial runs on the new ship which demonstrated compliance with requirements .
The minimum specified speed of twelve knots was bettered and she could make more than thirteen knots under forced draft .
" Pathfinder " left Newport News on the morning of June 16 , 1899 bound for to San Francisco and onward to Honolulu by way of the Straits of Magellan .
The first stop was St. Lucia in the Lesser Antilles by way of the Anegada Passage .
Near Guadeloupe successful experiments were made with the which was used afterwards in depths between 20 and 100 fathoms .
The ship reached St. Lucia on 23 June , coaled and sailed on 25 June bound for Brazil .
With yellow fever raging in Bahia the destination was changed to Recife , Pernambuco , Brazil , arriving there on 6 July .
After making some magnetic observations , despite constant rain , the " Pathfinder " sailed for Rio de Janeiro on 11 July arriving on 16 July .
There the ship entertained U.S. officials with a circuit of the bay enjoying the scenery before departing on 22 July for Montevideo , Uruguay .
Departure was on 4 August , the day after a celebration in the city with ships dressed with bunting by day and electric lights by night with the note that this was " an agreeable picture of our last sight of civilization " before the Straits of Magellan .
On 9 July the ship began its transit of the straits with anchorages at night .
" Typical straits weather " was described as wind fresh from eastward bringing " fog , rain and snow with clearer intervals " and the ship noted anchorages often had boards nailed to trees naming the vessels that had used the anchorages .
Making some observations on the way the ship exited the straits into the Pacific after spending the night of 15 August at an anchorage at Isla Wager known as .
In summation the report notes of the passage " it is most famous for its dangers and discomforts ; yet , for grandeur and picturesqueness its scenery has probably few rivals .
" On 20 August " Pathfinder " arrived at Valparaiso , Chile , a city still showing effects of s storm that had damaged the waterfront and mud filled streets , stopping only long enough for mail before departing for Callao , Peru where bunkers had to be replenished as coal was nearly exhausted .
Departing 30 August the ship headed for California .
Due to a case of suspected appendicitis the ship diverted to San Diego which was reached on 14 September where the patient , cadet James J. Sylvester , was put ashore but did not survive an operation .
On 17 September the " Pathfinder " arrived at San Francisco .
While at San Francisco the ship was hauled out for bottom cleaning , final equipping and some changes based on observations made during the transit .
The work as made difficult by the " great emergency calls on the part of the army transport service " causing delay in getting bids for the work .
The vessel was ready for sea again on 17 November 1899 sailing on 22 November for Honolulu steaming into a gale for a week .
Shortly after noon on 2 December 1899 " Pathfinder " moored in Honolulu .
Service History .
Hawaii .
" Pathfinder " engaged in surveys in the Hawaiian Islands until the end of March 1900 when she departed for Alaska by way of Seattle .
Alaska .
At the end of the fiscal year , June 30 , 1900 , the ship was engaged in surveys in the Bering Sea .
On October 5 , 1900 " Pathfinder " departed Dutch Harbor for San Francisco , arriving October 14 and departing for Alaska April 18 , 1901 by way of Seattle and Victoria , British Columbia where a " submarine sentry " was acquired .
The ship arrived at Dutch Harbor on May 16 commencing work on June 30 .
July 1 , 1901 found the ship surveying the Fox Island Passes in the vicinity of Dutch Harbor until October 7 when she was ordered to the Philippines by way of Yokohama and Nagasaki , Japan arriving at Manila on November 18 , 1901 .
The Philippines .
The ship was ordered to the Philippines to conduct hydrographic surveys supporting operations following the Spanish-American war .
The " Pathfinder " would remain in and around the Philippines until her end on January 30 , 1942 in the catastrophic events surrounding the fall of Corregidor .
On April 12 , 1902 " Pathfinder " sailed to Amoy , China for general overhaul and instillation of an ice plant sent from New York , returning to Manila on May 26 , 1902 .
The " Pathfinder 's " coal and refrigeration capacity enabled her to remain on the survey grounds returning to Manila only once a year for maintenance .
Installation of " wireless telegraph " communications in October 1913 facilitated operations .
Over her forty years in the Philippines the ship was the largest of what became a Coast & Geodetic Survey fleet and the only one of four or five such vessels owned by the United States Government rather than the Philippine Insular Government .
Initially that mission in the Philippines involved an intergovernmental dispute with the U.S. Navy Hydrographic Office over charting authority of territorial waters .
Despite frequent interchange of personnel and ships the division of responsibility was that of the Coast and Geodetic Survey charting U.S. territorial waters and lands with the Hydrographic Office responsible for areas outside U.S. territory .
Acquisition of territories such as the Philippines extended the Coast and Geodetic Survey responsibility into previously Hydrographic Office areas of responsibility .
In later years the " Pathfinder " was largely crewed by Filipinos with USC&GS officers .
In the late thirties the crew was described as " a crew of 80 men and nine officers .
Except for myself , the commanding officer and the engineer , they were all Filipino " with eight cadets preparing to take over operations with independence .
At the time war was declared and " Pathfinder " under her new name " Research " was lost the Coast and Geodetic Survey had five commissioned officers , two civilians and an additional force surveying and charting in Philippine waters of " some 200 in number and all but two being Filipinos " employed by the Insular Government .
Surveys .
After return from overhaul in Amoy , China to Manila on May 26 , 1902 the ship sailed on June 6 , 1902 for surveys of the San Bernardino Strait and its approaches along the coasts of Samar and Luzon .
Of particular importance was establishing the geodesy supporting a Philippine datum for both land mapping and nautical charting .
It was not until 1906 that the was extended to outlying islands to tie local systems based on nineteen separate astronomical stations with eventual establishment of the datum in 1911 with " Pathfinder " continuing development of the geodetic network into the late 1930s .
The ship 's officers introduced triangulation by intersection of the ship , previously developed by the Hydrographic Survey of Canada , to the service in overcoming the difficult terrain of the islands .
Survey summaries are available in annual reports of the Coast And Geodetic Survey to the Secretary Of Commerce that indicate the nature of surveying in waters previously not charted using the science of the time .
Establishing the geodetic basis for survey navigation was of particular difficulty and linking such networks between islands was a major operation .
The following , based on the fiscal year 1920 " Pathfinder " reports , gives an idea of work about mid way in the ship 's Philippine survey history .
Fiscal Year 1920 survey summary .
" Pathfinder " began the fiscal year , starting July 1 , 1919 , undergoing repairs at Olongapo Naval Station .
She departed 18 September 1919 for Manila for fumigation and supplies and on 26 September steamed for Cavite to coal and obtain additional supplies .
The 1920 survey locations were driven by the Navy 's discontinuance of coaling the C&GS ships ; therefore , work took place convenient to an offer of coal by the governor of Mindanao and coal mines at Sandakan , Borneo .
On 30 September the ship arrived at Dapitan , Mindanao and with the C&GS vessel " Marinduque " surveyed the west coast of Mindanao between Dapitan and Zamboanga at the request of the governor of Mindanao .
Surveys began with a search for a reported reef in Dapitan Bay that was located and found to be a " serious menace .
" Survey parties began establishing ranges and triangulation signals on visible peaks and establishing a typhoon refuge at each end of the area .
On 14 October " Pathfinder " was forced to seek shelter from a severe typhoon in Dapitan Bay .
On 1 April 1920 " Pathfinder " was in Manila for repairs with field parties from the ship engaged in topographic and hydrographic surveying , including the Cavite naval anchorage in anticipation of the arrival of a destroyer division in May .
She sailed 21 April for surveys off Negros until a casualty to the limiting operations .
Coal was not available as expected and the ship had to sail to a mine at Sebatik , Borneo to fill bunkers ; arriving 29 April after a difficult voyage through reefs and strong currents .
" Pathfinder 's " submarine sentry warned of the reef at , where the was extinguished , so that the vessel hove to until daylight .
" Pathfinder " sailed the evening of 30 April for the survey area and ran lines from Sulu to Mindanao before heading to Zamboanga for supplies where they found food stocks almost exhausted due to an inter island maritime strike .
The ship obtained what it could , surveyed westward from northern Mindinao , except for a stop off Palawan for fresh beef , then worked continuously until fuel and supplies were nearly exhausted and the last available sounding reel broke .
The ship reached Sandakan on 4 June where reels were repaired and supplies obtained .
The ship resumed work on 7 June , with a stop at Sulu for beef , until radio instructions were received on 21 June to return to Manila , arriving 25 June .
" Pathfinder " arrived at Olongapo Naval Station and was placed in dry dock on 26 June .
Layup and recommissioning at Manila .
The Annual Report of the Secretary of Commerce for 1933 notes that " Pathfinder " with two Insular Government C&GS vessels in operation with " Pathfinder " surveying on the north and northwest Luzon coasts and on the west coast of Palawan but that on " account of the curtailment of the regular appropriations for the 1934 fiscal year " " Pathfinder " was laid up at Manila indefinitely .
In the spring of 1938 " Fathomer " , an Insular Government owned C&GS ship , was decommissioned and " Pathfinder " recommissioned with assignment to surveys on the southeast coast of Luzon .
The ship , laid up awaiting disposal , was brought out , recommissioned at the request of the Insular Government , renamed " Research " , after the USC&GSS " Research of 1901 that was the first C&GS survey ship in the Philippines , and operated with funding from the Insular Government .
The renaming was required as a new ship being constructed in Seattle , Washington was to bear the name " Pathfinder " .
The 1941 report , the first showing the immediate prelude to war , shows the ship surveying in the Sulu Sea and then taking up operations in Manila Bay .
Other Events .
Typhoons .
On September 25 , 1905 , during the " Cantabria Typhoon , " " Pathfinder " was caught directly in the center of the storm while anchored in on the east coast of Samar where she recorded a minimum pressure of 690.12 mm. By going full speed against the wind blowing offshore the vessel was able to relieve strain on the anchor .
When the wind reversed as the eye passed the ship broke free and was grounded .
The ship was towed to Manila , arriving October 8 , 1905 , for major repairs including removal and straightening of a number of hull plates and sending the stern frame to Hong Kong for rewelding .
" Pathfinder " was unable to leave Manila for surveys until February 17 , 1906 .
On November 6 , 1909 a typhoon caused the " total wreck " of " Pathfinder 's " steam launch and the loss of a whaleboat .
Autumn 1912 brought major disruption with the Director , Coast Surveys Philippines noting it being " notable as being one of the most stormy and disastrous seasons that have been known in the Philippine Islands " with " severe typhoons " on November 6 , 25 , 26 and December 15 –16 .
During the storm on the 15th " Pathfinder " lost one of its survey launches in Cebu Harbor with the steamer " Marinduque " stranded on the coast of Palawan with survey signals destroyed over a wide area and both " Pathfinder " and " Marinduque " out of service undergoing repairs for five and four and a half months respectively .
January found the ship in Hong Kong for extensive upkeep and repair , leaving April 8 , 1913 and arriving Manila on April 11 , but not returning to survey until May 19 .
Incidents , rescues and other assistance .
" Pathfinder " supplied keepers of after they had been out of provisions for two days on 27 March 1910 while in transit to Surigao via Cebu delivering mail for the poastal authority .
During October 1912 the ship was in Cebu where a " Pathfinder " boat crew rescued other seamen during a typhoon .
On 28 May 1915 the survey ship towed the four-masted schooner " Alpene " that was disabled off the entrance to San Bernardino Straits to a safe location .
In June 1916 the ship , commanded by H. C. Denson , was on the coast of Palawan when it received a wireless SOS from the Spanish Royal Mail Line steamer that was wrecked in the Sulu Sea .
The " Pathfinder " steamed 180 miles to the rescue saving fifty .
" Pathfinder " abandoned work during October , 1912 , on the southeast coast of Mindanao when an uprising of mountain tribes made survey work in the interior dangerous .
On November 8 , 1918 the entire ship 's complement was stricken with influenza while working in Palawan .
The ship had not heard of the worldwide epidemic and thus the sudden occurrence alarmed the ship 's company greatly .
Eight of the Filipino crew died and others did not recover for a month .
" Romblon " , herself stricken by a milder epidemic , was sent with an additional medical officer but " Pathfinder " was forced to Manila for hospital facilities .
So many of the crew were in no condition to return to sea that many sought discharges and the ship returned to work December 8 with an almost new crew .
Final days as USC&GS " Research " .
Surveys were conducted in and around the Philippine islands until lost in Manila Bay during the outbreak or World War II .
Cost of the surveys had been shared by the U.S. and the Insular governments and the ship , still the property of the United States , had been informally transferred to the Insular government with Coast and Geodetic Survey officers in command .
The ship surveyed in the , north of Palawan , off Bataan and in the days immediately before the war .
There are differing accounts of the details of the ship 's loss , one being that she was scuttled , another that she was bombed .
According to Commander Edward " Ted Morris , then in command of the ship , a bomb hit a launch that was alongside the ship and caused fires that were controlled but during the night the Army gave orders to take the ship to Corregidor or scuttle with him taking the ship to Corregidor where she sank from further damage , was re floated with an incoming tide and finally beached in a sinking condition on January 30 , 1942 on the coast of Bataan .
Eleanor Roosevelt Boettiger , granddaughter of President , christened a new " Pathfinder " launched January 11 , 1942 .

Kanako Yanagihara
( born February 3 , 1986 in Nakano , Tokyo , Japan ) is a Japanese actress , comedian , and " tarento " , who has been featured in " Cartoon KAT - TUN " , the live-action drama " Otomen " , and collaborated on the music for " " .

Institute for the Investigation of Communist Crimes in Romania
The Institute for the Investigation of Communist Crimes in Romania ( Institutul de Investigare a Crimelor Comunismului în România ) is a government-sponsored organization whose mission is to investigate the crimes and abuses conducted while Romania was under communist rule , prior to December 1989 .
Following the Romanian Revolution of 1989 , Romania ’s Communist government was overthrown and a democratic president was elected in May 1990 .
The main objectives of the Institute are the gathering of data , documents and testimonies regarding all oppressive actions exerted by the system , and notifying the state ’s criminal investigation departments .
In addition , the Institute informs the public of the crimes , abuses and instigations to crime , conducted in the name of ‘class struggle ’ by the powerful people within the communist system .
The Institute is led by Marius Oprea , president , a University of Bucharest graduate with a PhD in history who is an archeologist and historian .
The institute is a member organisation of the Platform of European Memory and Conscience .
Recent news .
According to a 2006 report presented to Romanian President Traian Băsescu , up to one million people were killed or persecuted by communist authorities in Romania .
In December 2009 , France 24 , the French-based news agency , reported on the Institute ’s progress in documenting the communist crimes in Romania , including finding the buried remains of some of the many thousands of people alleged to have been murdered .
International partners .
The Institute has cooperation agreements with the Institute of National Remembrance and the Institute for the Study of Totalitarian Regimes , government agencies of Poland and the Czech Republic respectively tasked with the investigation of Nazi and Communist crimes .

United Presbyterian Church ( Lisbon , New York )
United Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Lisbon in St. Lawrence County , New York .
It was built in 1857 and is a rectangular gable roofed frame building , three bays wide and four bays deep .
It was modified and enlarged in the late 19th century and early 20th century .
Attached to the main block is a two story Sunday school wing .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007 .

Phineas Maimela
Phineas Maimela ( born 19 September 1978 ) is a Botswana former footballer who played as a midfielder .
He played for the Botswana national football team between 1997 and 2000 .

Childwold Memorial Presbyterian Church
Childwold Memorial Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Piercefield in St. Lawrence County , New York .
It was built in 1893 and is a small , rectangular one story Queen Anne adaptation , approximately 25 feet wide and 42 feet long .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001 .

Phyllidia
Phyllidia is a genus of sea slugs , dorid nudibranchs , shell - less marine gastropod molluscs in the family Phyllidiidae .
Species .
Species in the genus " Phyllidia " include :

Martín Cortés ( son of doña Marina )
Martín Cortés el Mestizo ( ; c .
1523 – c .
1595 ) was the first-born and illegitimate son of Hernán Cortés and Doña Marina , the conquistador ’s interpreter and concubine .
He is considered to be one of the first mestizos of New Spain and is known as “ El Mestizo .
” His exact date of birth is not precisely known .
Until the birth of Martín 's younger brother , don Martín Cortés Zúniga , to his father and his aristocratic second wife , Martín , son of La Malinche , was Cortés 's only male heir , despite his illegitimate birth .
Cortés 's first marriage to Catalina Suárez was childless .
He grew up in Spain but returned to the new world as a young man .
As heirs of Cortés he and his brother were considered a threat to the vice regal rule , and they were accused of participating in a plot to overthrow the viceroy .
He was arrested and tortured and exiled to Spain where he died .
Early life .
Martín Cortés was born in 1523 in a former Aztec palace in “ New Spain , ” now present day Mexico City , Mexico .
His father , conquistador Hernán Cortés , and his mother , Malinche Cortés ’s guide , interpreter , and mistress , named him Martín after the god of war and Cortés 's father .
When Martin was only two years old his mother and father left him in the care of Juan Altamirano , Cortés ’s cousin to go on an expedition to Honduras .
During the expedition Malinche was wed to another Spaniard by the name of Juan Jaramillo and never again lived with Martín .
Hernán thought it was best for Martín to continue to live with Altamirano since that was the home that he had known .
When Martín was 6 years old he moved with Cortés to Spain .
Growing up in Spain .
In May 1528 , Martín arrived in the harbor of Palos de la Frontera .
Although it is difficult to imagine , Cortés was relatively unknown and did not receive the welcome that one might expect someone of his historical greatness to receive .
In June 1528 , Cortes took Martin on his journey to meet the emperor , Charles V. This proved to be a difficult task , however .
According to a letter written two years after this meeting , Cortés writes , " After I kissed your majesty 's hands in Barcelona " implying that Cortés met the king in Barcelona .
In 1529 , Hernán Cortés hired a lawyer to petition Pope Clement VII to legitimize Martín .
The pope agreed since he himself had been illegitimate .
Martín spent most of his adolescence at the royal court .
His exact time spent there is debatable .
However , according to letters at the royal court 's archives from Martín 's tutor , he was still living there in September 1530 .
After spending time studying at the royal court , Martín became a page under Philip II of Spain in 1537 .
The other brother , " don " Martin Cortés .
In 1532 , Hernán Cortés had another son , this time with his aristocratic second wife , Spanish aristocrat , " doña " Juana de Zúñiga .
He also named this son Martín after his father , but this son had the aristocratic title of " don " , a marker that anyone holding it kept from cradle to grave .
In October of the same year his half-brother don Martín was born , Martín fell ill .
According to letters between Hernán Cortés and his cousin , Francisco de Núñez , he was suffering from lamparones , a disease that was called " the king ’s evil " because some thought that the king could cure it .
This is a form of tuberculosis known as " scrofula " ; however , not many people commonly suffer from it .
In the spring of 1540 , Cortés returned to Spain for the last time ; this was the first time that Martín Cortés , son of Malinche , and don Martín Cortés met .
In 1541 , Cortés was knighted into the Order of Santiago , and fought to gain Algiers for Charles V. In April of 1547 , Cortés fought in the Battle of Muhlberg in Germany .
Death of Hernán Cortés and adulthood in Spain .
Hernán Cortés died in Castile , Spain on December 2 , 1547 .
Although Martín Cortés , son of Malinche , was his first-born son , his primary heir was his legitimate son , don Martín Cortés who succeeded to the title of the Marquis of the Valley of Oaxaca .
Three years later , in 1550 , when Martín was twenty - eight , he spent a year in Europe fighting in the armies of the Holy Roman Emperor .
In 1557 , Martín Cortés hired a lawyer to sue his brother for certain mines and slaves that were supposedly granted to him by his father 8 years before his death .
This was a battle that went on for several years .
However , during the process of this battle , Spain passed the New Laws that said that every slave in New Spain was free .
Return to Mexico .
In September 1562 , after a terrible voyage , Martín Cortés arrived into the port of San Francisco de Campeche .
At the end of January 1562 , Cortés and his two half brothers , the other Martín Cortés and Luis Cortés , sailed toward Vera Cruz , the city their father had founded a mere 44 years prior .
By February , the Cortés brothers had reached their parents ' former home and the birthplace of Martín Cortés , son of Malinche , Tenochtitlán .
Being the heir of Hernán Cortés , don Martín Cortés Zuñiga ( the legitimate son , not the son of Malinche ) was now the Marquis of the Valley of Oaxaca .
In 1566 , news arrived to Mexico that the " leyes de encomienda " or encomienda laws that changed the " encomienda " system that said at the death of the " encomendero " , all his properties would belong to the government and not the family of the deceased .
In March of 1566 , Brothers Gil and Alonso de Avila held a party at their home in Mexico .
This was the spot where what would become known as the " marquis plot " supposedly occurred .
The brothers had dressed as Mexican chieftains and paid homage to someone dressed as Hernán Cortés .
To the Cortés brothers and their friends , this was simply a charade .
However , the Spanish court in New Spain saw it as their attempt to overthrow them .
The Real Hacienda denounced the acts to the Viceroy as a direct attack upon King Philip II , and the conspirators were arrested .
Amongst those arrested were Cortés 's three sons .
Several members of the conspiracy were executed .
A few days later , the Viceroy Gastón de Peralta intervened directly and released Cortés 's three sons .
On July 16 , 1566 , guards came to arrest Martín Cortés and bring him to the royal houses .
He learned that his brothers , the Avila brothers , and eighteen other friends had been taken prisoner too .
They were being charged with plotting to anoint the marqués , his brother don Martín , as the king of New Spain .
He was brought before the judge on the day of his arrest , three days after having been questioned , he sent the judge a petition asking him to either charge him with something or let him go , but nothing happened .
Six days later , he tried again , and once again , nothing happened .
Finally , thirteen days later , he was charged with having known for ten or eleven months that his brother and other people in his close circle were charged with planning a rebellion and uprising against His Majesty .
Alfonso de Avila and his brother were both publicly beheaded , and in September of 1566 , the first Cortés brother , Luis , was sentenced to death by beheading .
However , before this could happen , a new viceroy , the Marqués de Falces , arrived in Vera Cruz on November 15 , 1567 .
He allowed both of Martín ’s brothers to leave New Spain and for Luis to go serve time in a colony near Algeria while Martin was allowed to plead his case before the king .
However , Martín , Malinche 's son , stayed in Mexico .
On January 7 , 1568 , Martín was subjected to torture and was sentenced to indefinite exile in Spain .
His torturer was reproached by King Philip II personally , sent back to Spain , and found dead in his room one day after having met with the king .
After being exiled from his father 's land and his birthplace , he joined the forces of Don Juan , who was Charles V 's son , in the War of Granada sometime between 1569 and 1570 .
Love , death and legacy .
Martín was married to Doña Bernaldina de Porras .
They had two children : a daughter , Ana Cortés , and a son , Fernando Cortés .
Details and dates of Martín 's family life do not exist .
It is also not entirely clear when Martín died .
He died in Spain sometime before the turn of the seventeenth century ; 1595 has been mentioned as a possible date .
The legacy of Martín Cortés is a unique one .
In 1574 , the king offered condolences to the children of Hernán Cortés and they were all exonerated of any wrongdoing .

Decalogue I
The Decalogue - One ( ) is the first part of a television series " The Decalogue " by Polish director Krzysztof Kieślowski , possibly connected to the first and second imperatives of the Ten Commandments : " " I am the Lord your God ; you shall have no other gods before me " and " Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image .
" " A university professor ( Henryk Baranowski ) trains his young son in the use of reason and the scientific method , but is confronted with the unpredictability of fate .
Reason is defied with tragic results .
Plot .
Krzysztof lives alone with Paweł , his 12 - year - old and highly intelligent son , and introduces him to the world of personal computers .
They have several PCs in their flat and do many experiments with programming such as opening / closing the doors or turning on / off the tap water with help of the PC .
One cold winter morning Paweł asks his father to give him a physics problem to solve .
Krzysztof does so and Paweł solves it very quickly on his computer .
Later Paweł becomes depressed at the sight of a stray dead dog and begins to wonder about deeper things in life .
When asked about the nature of death , his father gives him a very objective ( but cold ) explanation of death as the ending of all vital functions .
A TV crew comes to Paweł 's school and makes several shots of Paweł and his schoolmates for their reportage on the poor quality of milk in public schools .
Paweł creates a program that allows him to know what his mother is doing ( she appears to be living on a different continent , since the program also calculates time zone differences ) , but the computer is unable to answer as to what she dreams .
Irene , however , Paweł 's aunt , answers easily : she dreams of Paweł .
Paweł also believes that his father 's computer must know his mother 's dreams .
Paweł talks with his aunt about what his father said about death ; she elaborates on that and talks about the soul and religion .
Irene and Krzysztof discuss Paweł 's decision to take religious courses at the local church .
One day when arriving home , Krzysztof and Paweł notice that Krzysztof 's computer turned itself on .
Paweł and his father use the computer to calculate if it is possible for him to skate on the ice , to see whether it would hold him .
After filling in the data into the computer , the PC says that the expected ice would hold three times Paweł 's weight .
Krzysztof even goes to the lake and corroborates that the ice is strong enough to hold him .
Paweł finds a pair of skates in a drawer meant to be a Christmas gift and wants to try them on the lake not far away from their home .
His father gives his permission .
The next day , Krzysztof hears firemen 's sirens going off and people rushing to the lake .
Later the mother of a classmate of Paweł 's comes distraught to Krzysztof ; the English lesson where Paweł was supposed to be was cancelled due to illness of the teacher and the ice in the lake broke .
Krzysztof remains calm at first and refuses to believe that the ice could have broken , since his calculations clearly indicated that the ice would not break .
After searching all around the neighborhood he gets confirmation from one of Paweł 's friends that he was skating at the time of the accident .
Irene and Krzysztof are desperate when the rescue services fish several corpses out of the frozen water ( Paweł is not specifically shown to be among them , but Krzysztof and Irene 's reaction seems to indicate that he is ) .
Krzysztof returns home to find that his computer has turned on by itself again indicating that it is ready .
Krzysztof later enters a provisional church , destroying a small altar to the Black Madonna of Częstochowa , which appears to be crying .
The film ends as Krzysztof , in tears , sinks to his knees and tries to cross himself with holy water on his forehead , but the water is frozen .

Barney Marman
Barney Marman ( born 30 May 1978 ) is a Botswana former footballer who played as a midfielder .
He played ten games for the Botswana national football team between 1997 and 2003 .

Penstemon deustus
Penstemon deustus is a species of penstemon known by the common names hotrock penstemon and scabland beardtongue .
It is native to much of the northwestern United States from the Pacific Northwest to Wyoming , where it grows in many types of forest and open plateau habitat , often on soils heavy in volcanic rock or on limestone outcrops .
It is a perennial herb with upright branches approaching 40 centimeters in maximum height .
The thick leaves are lance - shaped to oval or round , and are sharply toothed .
Most leaves occur low on the plant .
The inflorescence produces tubular flowers with lipped , five - lobed mouths .
The glandular flower is cream in color with dark lining and reaches 1.5 centimeters in length .
This plant is used in wilderness revegetation and landscaping projects in its native region .
It is favored for its low water needs and its abundant flowers which attract pollinators , including honey bees , bumblebees , sweat bees , and leafcutter bees .

Roberto Gamarra ( coach )
Roberto Gamarra ( born 6 March 1958 ) is a former Argentine and naturalised Paraguayan football midfielder .
After retiring as a player he coached teams in El Salvador .

Mobile Membranes
Membrane systems have been inspired from the structure and the functioning of the living cells .
They were introduced and studied by Gh.Paun under the name of P systems [ 24 ] ; some applications of the membrane systems are presented in [ 15 ] .
Membrane systems are essentially models of distributed , parallel and nondeterministic systems .
Here we motivate and present the mobile membranes .
Mobile membranes represent a variant of membrane systems inspired by the biological movements given by endocytosis and exocytosis .
They have the expressive power of both P systems and process calculi with mobility such as mobile ambients [ 11 ] and brane calculi [ 10 ] .
Computations with mobile membranes can be defined over specific configurations ( like process calculi ) , while they represent also a rule-based formalism ( like P systems ) .
The model is characterized by two essential features : The computations are performed in the following way : starting from an initial structure , the system evolves by applying the rules in a nondeterministic and maximally parallel manner .
A rule is applicable when all the involved objects and membranes appearing in its left hand side are available .
The maximally parallel way of using the rules means that in each step a maximal multiset of rules is applied , namely a multiset of rules such that no further rule can be added to the set .
A halting configuration is reached when no rule is applicable .
The result is represented by the number of objects associated to a specified membrane .
Mobile membranes represents a formalism which describes the movement of membranes inside a spatial structure by applying rules from a given set of rules formula_1 .
The mobility is provided by consumption and rewriting of objects .
In terms of computation , the work is performed using membrane configurations .
A the set formula_2 of membrane configurations ( ranged by formula_ 3 ) os defined by using the free monoid formula_4 ( ranged over by formula_ 5 ) generated by a finite alphabet formula_6 ( ranged over by formula_ 7 ) : formula_8 If formula_9 and formula_10 are two membrane configurations , formula_9 reduces to formula_10 ( denoted by formula_13 ) if there exists a rule in the set of rules formula_1 applicable to the configuration formula_9 such that the new configuration formula_10 is obtained .
When applying the rules of formula_1 , also the following inference rules are used : formula_18 ; formula_19 When describing a computation of a systems of mobile membranes , an initial configuration formula_20 and a set of rules formula_1 are given .
The rules used in this paper describe an formula_22 ( object rewriting ) , formula_23 movement ( moving an elementary membrane inside a neighbouring membrane ) , formula_24 movement ( moving an elementary membrane outside the membrane where it is placed ) , formula_25 ( engulfing zero external membranes ) , and formula_26 ( engulfing just one external elementary membrane ) .
Computability Power of Mobile Membranes .
A specific feature of the mobile membranes is that this new rule-based model is appropriate to prove computability results in terms of Turing machines rather by reduction to the lambda calculus as in the case of process calculi with mobility .
In this section are defined four classes of membranes inspired from biological facts , and it is showed that their computational power depends on the initial configuration and on the set of rules used .
Simple Mobile Membranes .
The " systems of simple mobile membranes " ( SM ) are defined over the set of configurations formula_27 , and evolve using " endocytosis " and " exocytosis " rules , namely moving a membrane inside a neighbouring membrane , or outside the membrane where it is placed , respectively .
The evolution from a configuration to another is made using rules from the set of rules formula_1 defined as follows : formula_29 , for formula_30 , formula_31 , formula_32 ; ( local object evolution ) formula_33 , for formula_34 , formula_35 , formula_32 ; ( global object evolution ) formula_37 , for formula_38 , formula_39 ; ( endocytosis ) formula_40 , for formula_38 , formula_39 ; ( exocytosis ) where formula_43 is a multiset , and formula_9 , formula_10 are arbitrary membrane configurations .
[ [ Turing completeness ] ] can be obtained by using nine membranes together with the operations of endocytosis and exocytosis [ [ #References | [ 21 ] ] ] .
In [ [ #References | [ 17 ] ] ] it is proven that four mobile membranes are enough to get the power of a Turing machine , while in [ [ #References | [ 4 ] ] ] the number of membranes is decreased to three .
formula_46 denotes the family of all sets generated inside a given membrane by simple mobile membranes using local evolution rules ( formula_47 ) , endocytosis and exocytosis rules .
Whenever global evolution rules ( formula_48 ) are used , the parameter formula_47 is replaced by formula_48 .
If a type of rules is not used , then its name is omitted from the list .
The number of membranes does not increase during the computation , but it can decrease by sending membranes out of the system .
In this case , the formula_51 denotes the family of sets of vectors of natural numbers computed by using at most $n$ membranes .
formula_52 denoted the family of Turing computable sets of vectors generated by arbitrary grammars .
It is proved in [ [ #References | [ 17 ] ] ] that formula_53 .
The research line initiated in membrane computing is to find membrane systems with a minimal set of ingredients which are powerful enough to achieve the full power of Turing machines .
In this way previous result presented in [ [ #References | [ 17 ] ] ] are improved by decreasing the number of membranes to three .
Moreover , this is achieved by using local evolution rules instead of global evolution rules .
Theorem .
formula_54 .
The proof of this result uses a similar technique to that used in [ [ #References | [ 4 ] ] ] .
Enhanced Mobile Membranes .
The " systems of enhanced mobile membranes " are a variant of simple membrane systems proposed in [ [ #References | [ 1 ] ] ] for describing some biological mechanisms of the immune system .
The operations governing the mobility of the systems of enhanced mobile membranes are endocytosis ( endo ) , exocytosis ( exo ) , forced endocytosis ( fendo ) , forced exocytosis ( fexo ) .
The evolution from a configuration to another is made using rules from the set of rules formula_1 defined as follows : formula_56 for formula_57 ; ( endocytosis ) formula_58 , for formula_59 ; ( exocytosis ) formula_60 for formula_61 , formula_62 ; ( enhanced endocytosis ) formula_63 for formula_64 ; ( enhanced exocytosis ) \noindent where formula_9 is a multiset and formula_10 is an arbitrary membrane configuration .
The computational power of the systems of enhanced mobile membranes using these four operations was studied in [ [ #References | [ 20 ] ] ] where it is proved that twelve membranes can provide the computational universality , while in [ [ #References | [ 4 ] ] ] the result is improved by reducing the number of membranes to nine .
It is worth to note that unlike the previous results , the rewriting of object by means of context - free rules is not used in any of the results ( and their proofs ) .
The interplay between these four operations is quite powerful , and the computational power of a Turing machine is obtained using twelve membranes without using the context - free evolution of objects [ [ #References | [ 20 ] ] ] .
The family of all sets generated inside a given membrane by enhanced mobile membranes of degree at most formula_67 using rules formula_68 , is denoted by formula_69 .
Theorem .
formula_70 .
Theorem .
formula_71 .
When proving the result of the previous theorem the authors have not used an optimal construction of a membrane system .
In what follows it is proven that using the same types of rules ( " endo " , " exo " , " fendo " , " fexo " ) a membrane system can be constructed using only nine membranes instead of twelve membranes .
If this is an optimal construction remains an open problem .
Theorem .
formula_72 .
The proof is similar to that presented in [ [ #References | [ 4 ] ] ] .
Mutual Mobile Membranes .
Following the approach presented in [ [ #References | [ 3 ] ] ] , " systems of mutual mobile membranes " representing a variant of systems of simple mobile membranes in which the endocytosis and the exocytosis work whenever the involved membranes " agree " on the movement are defined ; this agreement is described by using dual objects formula_73 and formula_74 in the involved membranes .
The operations governing the mobility of the systems of mutual mobile membranes are mutual endocytosis ( mutual endo ) , and mutual exocytosis ( mutual exo ) .
The evolution from a configuration to another is made using rules from the set of rules formula_1 defined as follows : formula_76 for formula_77 ; ( mutual endocytosis ) formula_78 for formula_79 ; ( mutual exocytosis ) where formula_9 is a multiset and formula_10 is an arbitrary membrane configuration .
It is enough to consider the biologically inspired operations of mutual endocytosis and mutual exocytosis and three membranes to get the full computational power of a Turing machine [ [ #References | [ 6 ] ] ] .
Three also represents the minimum number of membranes in order to discuss properly about the movement provided by endocytosis and exocytosis : working with configurations corresponding to a system of two membranes moving inside a skin membrane .
The family of all sets generated inside a given membrane by mutual mobile membranes of degree formula_67 using mutual endocytosis rules ( " mendo " ) and mutual exocytosis rules ( " mexo " ) is denoted by formula_83 .
Therefore the result can be formulated as following .
Theorem .
formula_84 .
In systems of simple mobile membranes with local evolution rules and mobility rules it is known that systems of degree three have the same power as a Turing machine , while in systems of enhanced mobile membranes using only mobility rules the degree of systems having the same power as a Turing machine increases to nine .
In each mobility rule from systems of simple and enhanced mobile membranes , in the left hand side of the rules only one object appears in the proofs .
By using multisets instead of objects and synchronization by objects and co-objects , it is proved that it is enough to consider only systems of three mutual mobile membranes together with the operations of mutual endocytosis and mutual exocytosis to get the full computational power of a Turing machine .
The proof is done in a similar manner with the proof for the computational universality of the systems of enhanced mobile membranes [ [ #References | [ 20 ] ] ] .
Mutual Membranes with Objects on Surface .
Membrane systems [ [ #References | [ 24 ] ] ] and brane calculus [ [ #References | [ 10 ] ] ] start from the same observations ; however , they are build having in mind different goals : membrane systems investigate formally the computational nature and power of various features of membranes , while the brane calculus is capable to give a faithful and intuitive representation of the biological reality .
In [ [ #References | [ 12 ] ] ] the initiators of these two formalisms describe the goals they had in mind : " While membrane computing is a branch of natural computing which tries to abstract computing models , in the Turing sense , from the structure and the functioning of the cell , making use especially of automata , language , and complexity theoretic tools , brane calculi pay more attention to the fidelity to the biological reality , have as a primary target systems biology , and use especially the framework of process ~ algebra .
" In [ [ #References | [ 2 ] ] ] are defined systems of mutual membranes with objects on surface , following the idea of adding objects on membrane and using the biologically inspired rules pino / exo/phago coming from [ [ #References | [ 12, 14, 18, 19 ] ] ] .
Objects and co - objects are used in phago and exo rules in order to illustrate the fact that both involved membranes agree on the movement .
The evolution from a configuration to another is made using rules from the set of rules formula_1 defined as follows : formula_86 , for formula_87 ( pino ) formula_88 , for aformula_89 ( exo ) formula_90 , for formula_91 ( phago ) \noindent where formula_43 is a multiset and formula_9 , formula_10 are arbitrary membrane configurations .
The computational power of systems of mutual membranes with objects on surface controlled by pairs of rules is investigated : pino / exo or phago / exo , proving that they are universal even using a small number of membranes .
These cases were already investigated in [ [ #References | [ 19 ] ] ] ; however better results are provided by improving the number of membranes .
A summary of the results ( existing and new ones ) is given in what follows : The multiplicity vector of the multiset from all membranes is considered as a result of the computation .
Thus , the result of a halting computation consists of all the vectors describing the multiplicity of objects from all the membranes ; a non - halting computation provides no output .
The number of objects from the right-hand side of a rule is called its " weight " .
The family of all sets generated by systems of mutual membranes with objects on surface using at any moment during a halting computation at most formula_67 membranes , and any of the rules formula_96 of weight at most formula_97 respectively , is denoted by formula_98 ) .
When one of the parameters is not bounded , it is replaced it with a formula_99 .
It is proven in [ [ #References | [ 19 ] ] ] that systems of eight membranes with objects on surface and using pino and exo operations of weight four and three are universal .
The number of membranes can be reduced from eight to three .
Howevere , in order to do this is increased the weight of the pino and exo operations with one , namely from four and three to five and four .
This means that in order to construct a universal system of mobile membranes with objects on surface by using pino and exo operations , one needs to decide either he wants to minimize the number of membranes , or the weights of the operations .
Theorem .
formula_100 , for all formula_101 .
It is proven in [ [ #References | [ 19 ] ] ] that systems of nine membranes with objects on surface and using phago and exo operations of weight four and three ( or five and two ) are universal .
The number of membranes can be reduced from nine to four , but in order to do this the weight of the phago and exo operations are increased from four and three ( or five and two ) to six and three .
When constructing a Turing complete system of mobile membranes with objects on surface by using phago and exo operations , the same problem appears as when using pino and exo operations : namely , to choose either minimizing the number of membranes , or the weights of the operations .
Theorem .
formula_102 , for all formula_103 .
Expressive Power of Mobile Membranes .
In what follows it is shown that mobile membranes have at least the expressive power of [ [ mobile ambients ] ] and brane calculi by encoding [ [ mobile ambients ] ] and brane calculi in certain systems of mobile membranes .
Embedding Mobile Ambients into Mobile Membranes .
The mobile membranes and the [ [ mobile ambients ] ] [ [ #References | [ 11 ] ] ] have similar structures and common concepts .
Both have a hierarchical structure representing locations , intend to describe mobility , and are used in describing various biological phenomena [ [ #References | [ 10, 15 ] ] ] .
The [ [ mobile ambients ] ] are suitable to represent the movement of ambients through ambients and the communication which takes place inside the boundaries of ambients .
Membrane systems are suitable to represent the evolution of objects and movement of objects and membranes through membranes .
A comparing between these new models ( [ [ mobile ambients ] ] and mobile membranes ) is provided , and an encoding the ambients into membranes .
This embedding is essentially presented in [ [ #References | [ 5 ] ] ] .
Safe ambients represent a variant of [ [ mobile ambients ] ] in which any movement of an ambient takes place only if both participants agree .
The mobility is provided by the consumption of certain pairs of capabilities .
The safe ambients differ from [ [ mobile ambients ] ] by the addition of co-actions : if in mobile ambients a movement is initiated only by the moving ambient and the target ambient has no control over it , in safe ambients both participants must agree by using a matching between action and co-action .
A short description of pure safe ambients ( SA ) is given below ; more information can be found in [ [ #References | [ 22, 23 ] ] ] .
Given an infinite set of names formula_104 ( ranged over by formula_105 ) , the set formula_106 of SA - processes ( denoted by formula_107 ) together with their capabilities ( denoted by formula_108 ) are defined as follows : formula_109 formula_110 Process formula_111 is an inactive mobile ambient .
A movement formula_112 is provided by the capability formula_113 , followed by the execution of formula_114 .
An ambient formula_115 represents a bounded place labelled by formula_67 in which a SA - process formula_114 is executed .
formula_118 is a parallel composition of [ [ mobile ambients ] ] formula_114 and formula_120 .
formula_121 creates a new unique name formula_67 within the scope of formula_114 .
The " structural congruence " formula_124 over ambients is the least congruence such that formula_125 is a commutative monoid .
The operational semantics of pure ambient safe calculus are defined in terms of a reduction relation formula_126 by the following axioms and rules .
Axioms : formula_127 ; formula_128 ; formula_129 .
Rules : formula_130 ; formula_131 . formula_132 denotes a reflexive and transitive closure of the binary relation formula_126 .
A translation from the set formula_134 of safe ambients to the set formula_27 of membrane configurations is given formally as follows : Definition .
A translation formula_136 is given by formula_137 , where formula_138 is formula_139formula_140 An object formula_141 is placed near the membrane structure to prevent the consumption of capability objects in a membrane system which corresponds to a mobile ambient which cannot evolve further .
Proposition .
Structurally congruent ambients are translated into structurally congruent membrane systems ; moreover , structurally congruent translated membrane systems correspond to structurally congruent ambients : formula_142 iff formula_143 .
Considering two membrane systems formula_9 and formula_10 with only one object formula_141 , formula_147 if there is a sequence of rules formula_148 , from the particular set of rules used in [ [ #References | [ 7 ] ] ] , such that applying the rules from this set to the membrane configuration formula_9 it is obtained the membrane configuration formula_10 .
Proposition .
If formula_114 and formula_120 are two ambients and formula_9 is a membrane system such that formula_154 and formula_155 , then there exists a set of rules applicable to formula_9 such that formula_147 , and formula_158 .
Proposition .
Let formula_9 and formula_10 be two membrane systems with only one formula_141 object , and an ambient formula_114 such that formula_155 .
If there is a set of rules applicable to formula_9 such that formula_165 , then there exists an ambient formula_120 with formula_167 and formula_158 .
The number of pairs of non - star objects consumed in membrane systems is equal with the number of pairs of capabilities consumed in ambients .
Theorem .
" ( Operational correspondence ) " Embedding Brane Calculus into Mobile Membranes .
A fragment of brane calculus called PEP , and mutual mobile membranes with objects on surface as a variant of systems with mobile membranes are considered .
The mobile membranes with objects on surface is inspired by a model of membrane system introduced in [ [ #References | [ 12 ] ] ] having objects attached to membranes .
A simulation of the PEP fragment of brane calculus by using mutual membranes with objects on surface is presented .
This approach is related to some other papers trying to show the relationship between membrane systems and brane calculus [ [ #References | [ 8,9, 14, 18, 19 ] ] ] .
As it is expressed in [ [ #References | [ 24 ] ] ] , " at the first sight the role of objects placed on membranes is different in membrane and brane systems : in membrane computing the focus is on the evolution of objects themselves , while in brane calculi the objects ( " proteins " ) mainly control the evolution of membranes " .
By defining an encoding of the PEP fragment of brane calculus into mutual membranes with objects on surface , it is shown that the difference between the two models is not significant .
Another difference regarding the semantics of the two formalisms is expressed in [ [ #References | [ 8 ] ] ] : " whereas brane calculi are usually equipped with an interleaving , sequential semantics ( each computational step consists of the execution of a single instruction ) , the usual semantics in membrane computing is based on maximal parallelism ( a computational step is composed of a maximal set of independent interactions ) " .
Brane calculus [ [ #References | [ 10 ] ] ] deals with membranes representing the sites of activity ; thus a computation happens on the membrane surface .
The operations of the two basic brane calculi , " pino , exo , phago " ( PEP ) and " mate , drip , bud " ( MBD ) are directly inspired by biologic processes such as endocytosis , exocytosis and mitosis .
The latter operations can be simulated using the formers one [ [ #References | [ 10 ] ] ] .
Membranes are formed of patches , where a patch formula_175 can be composed from other patches formula_176 .
An elementary patch formula_175 consists of an action formula_73 followed , after the consumption of it , by another patch formula_179 .
Actions often come in complementary pairs which cause the interaction between membranes .
The names formula_67 are used to pair - up actions and co-actions .
Cardelli motivates that the replication operator is used to model the notion of a " multitude " of components of the same kind , which is in fact a standard situation in biology [ [ #References | [ 10 ] ] ] .
The replicator operator is not used because a membrane system cannot be defined without knowing exactly the initial membrane structure .
formula_181 denotes the set of brane systems defined above .
Some abbreviations can be made : formula_182 as formula_73 , formula_184 as formula_185 , and formula_186 as formula_187 .
The structural congruence relation is a way of rearranging the system such that the interacting parts come together , as illustrated in what follows : In what follows the reduction rules of the calculus are presented : The action formula_188 creates an empty bubble within the membrane where the formula_189 action resides ; imagine that the original membrane buckles towards inside and pinches off .
The patch formula_190 on the empty bubble is a parameter of formula_189 .
The exo action formula_192 , which comes with a complementary co - action formula_193 , models the merging of two nested membranes , which starts with the membranes touching at a point .
In the process ( which is a smooth , continuous process ) , the subsystem formula_194 gets expelled to the outside , and all the residual patches of the two membranes become contiguous .
The phago action formula_195 , which also comes with a complementary co - action formula_196 , models a membrane ( the one with formula_197 ) " eating " another membrane ( the one with formula_194 ) .
Again , the process has to be smooth and continuous , so it is biologically implementable .
It proceeds by the formula_197 membrane wrapping around the formula_194 membrane and joining itself on the other side .
Hence , an additional layer of membrane is created around the eaten membrane : the patch on that membrane is specified by the parameter formula_201 of the co-phago action ( similar to the parameter of the pino action ) .
A translation from the set formula_181 of brane processes to the set formula_27 of membrane configurations is given formally as follows : Definition A translation formula_204 is given by formula_205 formula_206 where formula_207 is defined as : formula_208 formula_209 The rules of the systems of mutual membranes with objects on surface ( MMOS ) are presented in what follows .
where formula_43 is a multiset and formula_9 , formula_10 are arbitrary membrane configurations .
The next result claims that two PEP systems which are structurally equivalent are translated into systems of mutual membranes with objects on surface which are structurally equivalent .
Proposition .
If formula_194 is a PEP system and formula_214 is a system of mutual membranes with objects on surface , then there exists formula_10 such that formula_216 and formula_217 , whenever formula_218 .
Proposition .
If formula_194 is a PEP system and formula_214 is a system of mutual membranes with objects on surface , then there exists formula_197 such that formula_217 whenever formula_216 .
Remark .
In the last proposition it is possible that formula_224 .
Suppose formula_225 .
By translation it is obtained that formula_226 .
It is possible to have formula_227 or formula_228 such that formula_217 , but formula_230 .
Proposition .
If formula_194 is a PEP system and formula_214 is a system of mutual membranes with objects on surface , then there exists formula_10 such that formula_13 and formula_217 , whenever formula_236 .
Proposition .
If formula_194 is a PEP system and formula_214 is a system of mutual membranes with objects on surface , then there exists formula_197 such that formula_217 whenever formula_13 .
The following remark is a consequence of the fact that a formalism using an interleaving semantic is translated into a formalism working in parallel .
Remark .
The last proposition allows formula_242 .
Let us assume formula_243 .
By translation , it is obtained that formula_244 , such that formula_245 .
It can be observed that there exist formula_246 such that formula_217 , but formula_248 .
These results are presented together with their proofs in [ [ #References | [ 2 ] ] ] .
References .
1 .
B. Aman , G. Ciobanu .
Describing the Immune System Using Enhanced Mobile Membranes .
" Electr .
Notes in Theoretical Computer Science " , vol. 194 ( 3 ) , 5—18 , 2008 .
2 .
B. Aman , G. Ciobanu .
Membrane Systems with Surface Objects .
" Proc .
of the International Workshop on Computing with Biomolecules ( CBM 2008 ) " , 17—29 , 2008 .
3 .
B. Aman , G. Ciobanu .
Resource Competition and Synchronization in Membranes .
" Proceedings of SYNASC08 " , IEEE Computing Society , 145-151 , 2009 .
4 .
B. Aman , G. Ciobanu .
Simple , Enhanced and Mutual Mobile Membranes .
" Transactions on Computational Systems Biology XI ' , LNBI vol. 5750 , 26-44 , 2009 .
5 .
B. Aman , G. Ciobanu .
Translating Mobile Ambients into P Systems .
" Electr .
Notes in Theoretical Computer Science " , vol. 171 ( 2 ) , 11—23 , 2007 .
6 .
B. Aman , G. Ciobanu .
Turing Completeness Using Three Mobile Membranes .
" Lecture Notes in Computer Science " , vol. 5715 , 42—55 , 2009 .
7 .
B. Aman , G. Ciobanu .
On the Relationship Between Membranes and Ambients .
" Biosystems " , vol. 91 ( 3 ) , 515 —530 , 2008 .
8 .
N. Busi .
On the Computational Power of the Mate / Bud / Drip Brane Calculus : Interleaving vs. Maximal Parallelism .
" Lecture Notes in Computer Science " , vol. 3850 , Springer , 144-158 , 2006 .
9 .
N. Busi , R. Gorrieri .
On the computational power of Brane calculi .
" Third Workshop on Computational Methods in Systems Biology " , 106-117 , 2005 .
10 .
L. Cardelli .
Brane Calculi .
Interactions of biological membranes .
" Lecture Notes in BioInformatics " , vol. 3082 , 257-278 , Springer , 2004 .
11 .
L. Cardelli , A. Gordon .
Mobile Ambients .
" Lecture Notes in Computer Science " , vol. 1378 , Springer , 140-155 , 1998 .
12 .
L. Cardelli , Gh .
Păun .
A universality result for a ( mem ) brane calculus based on mate / drip operations .
" Intern .
J. Foundations of Computer Science " , vol. 17 ( 1 ) , 49-68 , 2006 .
13 .
L. Cardelli , S. Pradalier .
Where Membranes Meet Complexes .
" BioConcur " , 2005 .
14 .
M. Cavaliere , S. Sedwards .
Membrane Systems with Peripheral Proteins : Transport and Evolution .
" Electr .
Notes in Theoretical Computer Science " , vol. 171 ( 2 ) , 37-53 , 2007 .
15 .
G. Ciobanu , Gh .
Păun , M. J. Pérez-Jiménez .
" Application of Membrane Computing " .
Springer , 2006 .
16 .
J. Dassow , Gh .
Păun .
" Regulated Rewriting in Formal Language Theory " .
Springer - Verlag , 1990 .
17 .
S. N. Krishna .
The Power of Mobility : Four Membranes Suffice .
" Lecture Notes in Computer Science " , vol. 3526 , 242—251 , Springer , 2005 .
18 .
S. N. Krishna .
Membrane computing with transport and embedded proteins .
" Theoretical Computer Science " , vol. 410 , 355-375 , 2009 .
19 .
S. N. Krishna .
Universality results for P systems based on brane calculi operations .
" Theoretical Computer Science " , vol. 371 , 83-105 , 2007 .
20 .
S. N. Krishna , G. Ciobanu .
On the Computational Power of Enhanced Mobile Membranes .
" Lecture Notes in Computer Science " , vol. 5028 , 326—335 , 2008 .
21 .
S. N. Krishna , Gh .
Păun .
P Systems with Mobile Membranes .
" Natural Computing " , vol. 4 ( 3 ) , 255—274 , 2005 .
22 .
F. Levi , D. Sangiorgi .
Controlling Interference in Ambients .
" Proceedings POPL ' 00 " , ACM Press , 352-364 , 2000 .
23 .
F. Levi , D. Sangiorgi .
Mobile Safe Ambients .
" ACM TOPLAS " , vol. 25 , 1-69 , 2003 .
24 .
Gh .
Păun .
" Membrane Computing .
An Introduction .
" Springer - Verlang , Berlin , 2002 .
25 .
Gh .
Păun .
Membrane Computing and Brane Calculi ( Some Personal Notes ) .
" Electr .
Notes in Theoretical Computer Science " , vol. 171 , 3-10 , 2007 .
[ [ Category : Cell biology ] ]

Ceratophyllidia
Ceratophyllidia is a genus of sea slugs , dorid nudibranchs , shell - less marine gastropod molluscs in the family Phyllidiidae .
They are known for their unusually soft , spherical and stalked tubercules on their upper dorsa .
Unlike the species of Phyllidia , they lack oral glands or the glands are free from the oral tube .
Species .
Species in the genus " Ceratophyllidia " include :

Parides erithalion
The Variable Cattleheart ( " Parides erithalion " ) is a North American and South American butterfly in the family Papilionidae .
Description .
The upper side of the wings is black with a row of red postmedian spots .
The underside of the wings is also black with a row of pink and whitish spots .
In males of some subspecies the uppersides of the forewings have a large olivaceous green patch from the inner margin forward , with a creamy white spot , while hindwings have a band of three red spots .
Fringe in both sexes is dotted with white .
Life cycle .
The eggs are a brownish color .
The caterpillar is brownish-black with white and reddish-brown tubercles .
Host plants .
The Variable Cattleheart feeds on " Aristolochia cordiflora " .

Gabriel Hernández
Gabriel Hernández may refer to :

Gabriel Hernández ( boxer )
Gabriel Hernández Romero ( July 13 , 1973 – June 25 , 2001 ) was a male boxer from the Dominican Republic , who competed for his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
There he was stopped in the first round of the men 's light heavyweight division by South Africa 's Sybrand Botes ( 11-16 ) .
A bronze medal winner at the 1995 Pan American Games Hernández made his professional debut on November 15 , 1996 defeating Shawn Cornell by knock-out in the first round .
He committed suicide by hanging , aged 27 , nine days after his last bout against Ralph Monday .

Telangana movement
The Telangana Movement refers to a people 's movement for the creation of a new state of Telangana , from the existing state of Andhra Pradesh in South India .
The proposed new state corresponds to the Telugu - speaking portions of the erstwhile princely state of Hyderabad State.After several years of peoples movement The UPA ( Union ) government has decided to bifurcate the existing andhrapradesh state and The Union Cabinet on 7 February 2014 unilaterally cleared the Bill for the creation of Telangana , clearing the way for its introduction in Parliament .
Lasting for almost a decade , this has been one of the most longlasting movements in South India On 18 February , Lok Sabha passed the Bill with Voice Majority .
Subsequently , the bill was passed by Rajya Sabha on 20 February 2014 .
As per the bill , Hyderabad will be the capital of Telangana while the city would also remain the capital of risidual state of Andhra Pradesh for no more than ten years .
The appointed day for the creation of Telangana State is 2 June 2014 .
History .
In December 1953 , the States Reorganization Commission was appointed to prepare for the creation of states on linguistic line .
The commission , due to public demand , recommended disintegration of Hyderabad State and to merge Marathi speaking region with Bombay state and Kannada speaking region with Mysore state .
The ( SRC ) discussed pros and cons of the merger of Telugu speaking Telangana region of Hyderabad state with Andhra state .
Paragraph 374 of the SRC report said " The creation of Vishalandhra is an ideal to which numerous individuals and public bodies , both in Andhra and Telangana , have been passionately attached over a long period of time , and unless there are strong reasons to the contrary , this sentiment is entitled to consideration " .
Discussing the case of Telangana , paragraph 378 of the SRC report said " One of the principal causes of opposition of Vishalandhra also seems to be the apprehension felt by the educationally backward people of Telangana that they may be swamped and exploited by the more advanced people of the coastal areas .
" In its final analysis SRC recommended against the immediate merger .
In paragraph 386 it said " After taking all these factors into consideration we have come to the conclusions that it will be in the interests of Andhra as well as Telangana , if for the present , the Telangana area is to constitute into a separate State , which may be known as the Hyderabad State with provision for its unification with Andhra after the general elections likely to be held in or about 1961 if by a two thirds majority the legislature of the residuary Hyderabad State expresses itself in favor of such unification .
" After going through the recommendations of the SRC , the then Home Minister Pandit Govind Ballabh Pant decided to merge Andhra state and Telangana to form Andhra Pradesh state on 1 November 1956 after providing safeguards to Telangana in the form of Gentleman 's agreement .
Arguments in favor of a separate Telangana State .
Telangana is the largest of the three regions of Andhra Pradesh state , covering 41.47 % of its total area .
It is inhabited by 40.54 % of the state 's population .
The following is the breakup of Andhra Pradesh 's revenue by region Note : The income generated by the capital city of the erstwhile Andhra Pradesh is a complex issue with income being generated from all regions .
This has caused a lot of confusion in region - wise income distribution .
Also , after the bifurcation , companies will pay their portion of taxes to Telangana or present day Andhra Pradesh depending on where they operate ( Before bifurcation , lot of companies were paying their taxes in capital city Hyderabad even for their operations in Seemandhra ) .
Proponents of a separate Telangana state cite perceived injustices in the distribution of water , budget allocations , and jobs .
Within the state of Andhra Pradesh , 68.5 % of the catchment area of the Krishna River and 69 % of the catchment area of the Godavari River are in the plateau region of Telangana and flowing through the other parts of the state into bay of Bengal .
Telangana and non coastal parts of Karnataka and Maharastra states form Deccan Plateau .
Telangana supporters state that 74.25 % of irrigation water through the canal system under major irrigation projects goes to the Coastal Andhra region , while Telangana gets 18.20 % .
The remaining 7.55 % goes to the Rayalaseema region .
As per Volume - II of Krishna Water Dispute Tribunal Award , " The area which we are considering for irrigation formed part of Hyderabad State and had there been no division of that State , there were better chances for the residents of this area to get irrigation facilities in Mahboobnagar District .
We are of the opinion that this area should not be deprived of the benefit of irrigation on account of the reorganisation of States .
" The share of education funding for Telangana ranges from 9.86 % in government - aided primary schools to 37.85 % in government degree colleges .
The above numbers include the expenditure in Hyderabad .
Budget allocations to Telangana are generally less than 1/3 of the total Andhra Pradesh budget .
There are allegations that in most years , funds allocated to Telangana were never spent .
Since 1956 , Andhra Pradesh government established 11 new medical colleges in the state .
8 were in Seemandhra and 3 were in Telangana .
Telangana was not compensated for lost opportunities because of inward migration of lot of students into Hyderabad from Seemandhra .
According to Professor Jayashankar only 20 % of the total Government employees , less than 10 % of employees in the secretariat , and less than 5 % of department heads in the Andhra Pradesh government are from Telangana ; those from other regions make up the bulk of employment .
He also alleged that the state was represented by Telangana chief ministers for only 6 1/2 years out of over five decades of its existence , with no chief minister from the region being in power continuously for more than 2 1/2 years .
As per Srikrishna committee on Telangana , Telangana held the position of CM for 10.5 years while Seema-Andhra region held it for 42 years .
According to the Backward Regions Grant Fund 2009–10 , 13 backward districts are located in Andhra Pradesh : nine ( all except Hyderabad ) are from Telangana and the rest are from other regions .
Proponents of a separate Telangana state feel that the agreements , , and from the legislature and Lok Sabha over the last fifty years have not been honoured , and as a consequence Telangana has remained neglected , exploited , and backward .
They allege that the experiment to remain as one state has proven to be a futile exercise and that separation is the best solution .
Note : The above content has been sourced from news articles and articles .
It can only be regarded as opinions of a few people rather than solid facts .
Views of political parties between 2009 and 2013 .
Most of the parties in the state changed their stand about Telangana statehood several times .
Here are the stands taken by various parties in the state when the movement was at its peak between 2009 and 2013 .
Congress party , the ruling party at center , took its final decision to go ahead with creating the Telangana state in July 2013 .
In parenthesis ( MP seats / MLA seats from Andhra Pradesh ) ( a ) Parties which were in favor of Telangana state before 9 December 2009 , but changed the stand to neutral on 10 December 2009 , the day the process for formation of Telangana state was announced by central government and later retracted on 23 December .
( b ) After 9 December 2009 , Jagan Mohan Reddy as a Congress MP opposed the Telangana state formation .
After he formed the YSR Congress party , it adopted a neutral stand .
( c ) The Praja Rajyam Party of actor-politician Chiranjeevi was against the division of the state , but merged into the Congress in 2011 .
( d ) The Lok Satta adds that it will welcome the formation of a separate state as part of a comprehensive and amicable solution .
It , however , states that the real issue is to improve the lives of people irrespective of the formation of a separate state .
( e ) During the all party meeting on 28 December 2012 , TDP representatives gave a letter signed by its president to Home minister of India which said that the party had never withdrawn its letter to Pranab Mukherjee in 2008 which supported Telangana state formation .
( f ) MIM wants the state to remain united .
If division is unavoidable , the party wants a separate state of Rayala-Telangana with Telangana & Rayalseema regions along with Hyderabad as capital .
They oppose Hyderabad being declared as a union territory .
( g ) The Congress Working Committee ( CWC ) unanimously passed a resolution On 30 July to create the State of Telangana .
Early Incidents ( 1969 to 1985 ) .
1969 to 1973 : This period was marked by two political agitations , namely ' Telangana ' and ' Jai Andhra ' movements .
Social tensions arose due to influx of people from the Coastal Andhra region .
Protests started with the hunger strike of a student from Khammam district for the implementation of safe - gaurds promised during the creation of Andhra Pradesh .
The movement slowly manifested into a demand for a separate Telangana .
Some students protested " implementation of the safe guards from Andhra Pradesh " while some protested for a " Separate Telangana " .
The local newspaper Indian Express reported that the latter group were dominant .
According to the 19 January 1969 edition of The Indian Express , the agitation turned violent when a crowd attempted to set fire to a sub - inspector 's residence .
17 were injured in Police firing .
Discussions about the promised safe - guards were held .
The Telangana Regional Committee was , however , not fully convinced of the outcome .
This agitation was met by a counter agitation by the Andhra students accusing the transfer Andhra employees as a discrimination between one region and the other .
The transfers were eventually challenged in the high - court .
The army had to be called in .
After several days of talks with leaders of both regions , on 12 April 1969 , Prime minister put forth , an eight-point plan .
Telangana leaders rejected the plan and protests continued under the leadership of newly formed political party Telangana Praja Samithi in 1969 asking for the formation of Telangana .
Under the Mulki rules in force at the time , anyone who had lived in Hyderabad for 12 years was considered a local , and was thus eligible for certain government posts .
Telangana Praja Samithi was formed under the leadership of Dr. Chenna Reddy with the intention of leading the movement .
The party however , split in November 1969 with the exit of dissident Congress leaders .
The movement slowly lost momentum and dissolved .
1971 : Chief Minister Brahmananda Reddy resigns to make room for a Telangana Chief Minister .
On 30-September-1971 , P. V. Narasimha Rao - who would later become the Prime Minister of India - was appointed the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh .
" The Telangana Praja Samiti was dissolved and its members rejoined the Congress .
" 1972 : When the Supreme Court upheld the Mulki rules the Jai Andhra movement , with the aim of re-forming a separate state of Andhra , was started in Coastal Andhra and Rayalseema regions .
The movement lasted for 110 days .
The Supreme Court upheld the implementation of Mulki rules .
The people from the Andhra region viewed the Mulki rules as " treating them like aliens in their own land " .
1973 : a political settlement was reached with the Government of India with a Six-Point Formula .
It was agreed upon by the leaders of the two regions to prevent any recurrence of such agitations in the future .
To avoid legal problems , constitution was amended ( 32nd amendment ) to give the legal sanctity to the Six - point formula .
In 1985 , when Telangana employees complained about the violations to six point formula , government enacted government order 610 ( GO 610 ) to correct the violations in recruitment .
As Telangana people complained about non implementation of GO 610 , in 2001 , government constituted Girglani commission to look into violations .
1997 to 2010 .
In 1997 , the state unit of the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) passed a resolution seeking a separate Telangana .
In 2000 , Congress party MLAs from the Telangana region who supported a separate Telangana state formed the Telangana Congress Legislators Forum and submitted momorandum to their president Sonia Gandhi requesting the support the Telangana state .
A new party called Telangana Rashtra Samithi ( TRS ) , led by Kalvakuntla Chandrashekar Rao ( KCR ) , was formed in April 2001 with the single-point agenda of creating a separate Telangana state with Hyderabad as its capital .
In 2001 , the Congress Working Committee sent a resolution to the NDA government for constituting a second SRC to look into the Telangana state demand .
This was rejected by then union home minister L. K. Advani citing that smaller states were neither viable nor conducive to the integrity of the country .
In April 2002 , Advani wrote a letter to MP A. Narendra rejecting a proposal to create Telangana state explaining that " regional disparities in economic development could be tackled through planning and efficient use of available resources " .
He said that the NDA government , therefore , does " not propose creation of a separate state of Telangana " However , in 2012 , Advani said that if their then partner TDP cooperated during NDA tenure , a separate state of Telangana could have been created .
This was confirmed by the President of the TDP , Chandrababu Naidu , on 1 September 2013 in a public meeting .
In the run-up to the 2004 Assembly & Parliament elections , then Union Home Minister L. K. Advani ruled out inclusion of Telangana in the NDA agenda and said " Unless there is consensus among all political parties in the state and unless that consensus is reflected in a resolution of the state Assembly , we do n’t propose to include it in the NDA agenda " For these elections , the Congress party and the TRS forged an electoral alliance in the Telangana region to consider the demand of separate Telangana State .
Congress came to power in the state and formed a coalition government at the centre ; TRS joined the coalition after the common minimum program of the coalition government included that the demand for separate Telangana state will be considered after due consultations and consensus .
In February 2009 the state government declared that it had no objection , in principle , to the formation of separate Telangana and that the time had come to move forward decisively on this issue .
To resolve related issues , the government constituted a joint house committee .
In the lead-up to the 2009 General Elections in India , all the major parties in Andhra Pradesh supported the formation of Telangana .
In the 2009 elections TRS managed to win only 10 assembly seats out of the 45 it contested and only 2 MP seats .
Some media analysts thought Telangana sentiment faded .
Within few months of getting re-elected as popular CM , Y .
S. Rajasekhara Reddy ( YSR ) died in a helicopter crash in September 2009 .
This resulted in a leadership crisis within the Congress party and also created a political vacuum in the state .
During this time , TRS president K. Chandrashekar Rao ( KCR ) raised his pitch for the separate state .
On 29 November 2009 , he started a fast - unto - death , demanding that the Congress party introduce a Telangana bill in Parliament .
Student organisations , employee unions , and various organisations joined the movement .
General strikes shut down Telangana on 6 and 7 December .
In an all party meeting called by the state government on the night of 7 December to discuss regarding KCR 's fast and how to handle it , all major Opposition parties extended their support for a separate state for Telangana .
The state Congress and its ally Majlis - e - Ittehadul Muslimeen have left it to the Congress high command to take a final decision .
Minutes of the meeting were faxed to Congress high command .
Announcement of bifurcation and subsequent rollback .
On 9 December 2009 , Union Minister of Home Affairs P. Chidambaram announced that the Indian government would start the process of forming a separate Telangana state , pending the introduction and passage of a separation resolution in the Andhra Pradesh assembly .
This resulted in protests across both Andhra and Rayalseema .
Students , workers , lawyers & various organizations in the regions launched the Samaikyandhra Movement demanding that the state be kept united .
MLAs from these regions also submitted their resignations in protest seeking a reversal of the home minister 's statement .
On 23 December , keeping in view the reactions of people of other regions , the Government of India announced that no action on Telangana will be taken until a consensus is reached by all parties and groups in the state .
Coastal Andhra and Rayalaseema region MLAs started withdrawing their resignations while MLAs and ministers from Telangana started submitting their resignations , and demanded that the Centre take immediate steps to initiate the process of bifurcating Andhra Pradesh .
A Joint Action Committee ( also known as JAC or TJAC ) comprising political and non-political groups was formed to lead the demand for separate Telangana with Osmania University professor M Kodandaram Reddy as its convenor .
On 3 February , the government appointed a five-member committee headed by Justice SriKrishna to look into the issue .
2010 : Srikrishna Committee .
The Srikrishna Committee headed by former Chief Justice B. N. Srikrishna toured all the regions of state extensively and invited people from all sections of the society to give their opinion on the statehood .
It received over one lakh petitions and representations from political parties , organisations , NGOs and individuals .
It also held consultations with political parties and general public while also factoring in the impact of recent developments on different sections of people such as women , children , students , minorities , Other Backward Classes , Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes .
On 16 December 2010 , two weeks before the deadline for the submission of the Srikrishna report , TRS organized a public meeting in Warangal .
It was estimated that over 2.6 million people attended this meeting .
It was reported that even more would have attended , but were stranded due to traffic jams along roads leading to the city .
TRS president K. Chandrasekhar Rao appealed to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to note that the people of Telangana were losing patience .
He demanded that the Centre introduce the Bill on Telangana in the next session of Parliament .
Days before the Srikrishna committee submitted its report to the Central government , KCR declared that his party was ready to wash Sonia Gandhi 's feet if she agrees to the Telangana demand .
He said his party is associated with the movement and was willing to dissolve the party if the state was formed .
Release of the report and summary of findings .
The Indian Home Ministry released the 505 page Srikrishna committee on 6 January 2011 .
The committee opined that most regions of Telangana ( excluding Hyderabad ) were either " on par or a shade lower " than Coastal Andhra .
When Hyderabad is included , Telangana fared better .
The most backward of all regions was in fact Rayalaseema .
The committee , however , agreed with the violations of GO 610 .
Most violations , however , have been in the education and health sectors due to dearth of qualified locals .
It also noted that the funds released for educational institutions in Telangana were lower than in the other two regions of the state .
The committee did not see the Telangana movement as a threat to national integrity .
Noting the emotions in the general public about the issue , a perceived neglect in implementation of assurances given to the region , it also said that " The continuing demand , therefore , for a separate Telangana , the Committee felt , has some merit and is not entirely unjustified " .
The conclusion of the report included the following statements " Therefore , after taking into account all the pros and cons , the Committee did not think it to be the most preferred , but the second best , option .
Separation is recommended only in case it is unavoidable and if this decision can be reached amicably amongst all the three regions " Solutions proposed .
The report discusses six solutions to the problem , the preferred option being keeping the State united by simultaneously providing certain definite constitutional and statutory measures for socio-economic development and political empowerment of Telangana region through the creation of a statutorily empowered Telangana Regional Council .
The second best option is bifurcation of the State into Telangana and Seemandhra as per existing boundaries , with Hyderabad as the capital of Telangana and Seemandhra to have a new capital .
Reactions to the report .
The eighth chapter of the report was not made public for undisclosed reasons .
After a judgement delivered by Justice L Narasimha Reddy of Andhra Pradesh High Court , the contents of the " secret " chapter were submitted to the High Court .
The Chief Justice in his said " The Committee travelled beyond the terms of reference in its endeavour to persuade the Union of India not to accede to the demand for Telangana " .
The judgement also quoted the SKC report 's 8th chapter and said " The manoeuvre suggested by the Committee in its secret supplementary note poses an open challenge , if not threat , to the very system of democracy .
" The eighth chapter was not make public after division bench comprising the Chief Justice of the AP high court has stayed the order of Justice L Narasimha Reddy .
Hence , the facts of the comments of the judge on the eighth chapter remain unverified .
2011 .
Non - cooperation movement and Million March .
On 17 February 2011 , a noncooperation movement was started which lasted for 16 days with participation by 300,000 government employees .
It caused a loss of Rs 8 billion per day in revenue to government .
In February and March , Assembly session was boycotted for weeks and Parliament session was disrupted for several days by Telangana representatives .
Million March was organised by Telangana JAC in Hyderabad on 10 March 2011 .
In a move to disrupt the march , police arrested over thousand activists throughout the region and closed down entry to Hyderabad city by stopping certain transportation services and diverting traffic .
Around 50,000 people reached the venue of the march , Tank Bund by hoodwinking police .
Telangana activists damaged 16 statues of personalities representing Telugu culture language and threw some of the remnants into the lake .
In November 2011 , Telangana Rashtra Samiti Vidyarthi Vibhagam ( TRSV ) state president Balki Suman was arrested by Hyderabad police after cases were registered against him in connection with damaging statues on Tank Bund during the ' Million March , ' attacking police personnel , damaging police and media vehicles .
Mass resignations .
From April till June , the movement saw a lull , with different parties citing various reasons and fresh deadlines to renew the agitation .
In July , 81 of 119 Telangana MLAs in the state , 12 out of 15 Telangana ministers in state , 13 out of 17 Telangana MPs in Lok Sabha , 1 Rajyasabha MP ( Congress ) , 20 MLCs resigned protesting delay in the formation of Telangana .
On 30 July 20 - year - old Yadi Reddy was found dead 100 yards from Parliament House in Delhi .
An eight-page suicide note says the young driver from greater Hyderabad region of Telangana was upset over the government not creating a new state for his homeland .
The speaker of the AP assembly on 23 July summarily rejected the resignations of all 101 MLAs citing that they were made in an emotionally surcharged atmosphere .
All Telangana MPs who earlier submitted their resignations and were boycotting the parliament session also decided to attend the parliament monsoon session citing Sonia Gandhi 's ill health .
Sakala Janula Samme .
On 12 September 2011 , a day before Sakala Janula Samme ( All people 's strike ) , TRS organised a public meeting in Karimnagar which was attended by over a million people including TJAC leaders , BJP and New Democracy party leaders .
Starting 13 September , as part of 'strike by all section of people ' supporting Telangana statehood , government employees throughout Telangana stayed out of work , lawyers boycotted courts and 60,000 coal miners of Singareni Collieries ( SCCL Ltd. ) also joined the strike .
Soon government teachers , state road transport corporation employees and state electricity board employees joined the strike .
On a call given by JAC , road blockades on national highways throughout Telangana , rail blockade and the strike of auto rikshaw union were organized on 24 and 25 September causing disruption in transport services .
Virtually all sections of people joined this strike .
On 30 September , as the strike entered the 18th day , even while Congress central leadership met several Telangana congress leaders , JAC called a bundh in Hyderabad city .
On 2 October , JAC leaders , employee unions leaders and TRS leaders including KCR met Prime minister to explain the situation in Telangna due to the strike and asked to expedite the decision on the statehood demand .
The strike has resulted in an unprecedented power crisis in the state with only 223 MU of power generated against the demand of 275MU impacting both the industry and agriculture .
Due to Rail blockade call on 15 October 110 trains were cancelled and 68 trains were diverted by authorities .
The railways operated 12 trains and Hyderabad metro trails with full police protection .
Telangana protestors tried to have sit in on rail platforms or on railway tracks at various places .
Police arrested thousands of protesters including 8 MPs and 4 MLAs .
On 16 October public transport employees called off the strike .
Within days other unions too called off the strike one after another .
After 42 days , on 24 October , remaining employees unions called off the strike .
M. Kodandaram said that the strike had impacted the overall thinking of the Centre towards creation of separate State and the movement will continue with other protest activities .
On 29 October 2011 , three Congress party MLAs belonging to Telangana region resigned and joined TRS in protest as they were diappointed with Congress leadership 's delay in Telangana state formation .
On 1 November , Congress MLA Komatireddy Venkat Reddy started an indefinite hunger strike until the central government announced a roadmap for Telangana state .
5 days later , the fast was broken when police arrested him under Section 309 of IPC ( attempt to commit suicide ) and shifted him to NIMS , Hyderabad where he was kept under intravenous fluids .
He ended his fast on 9 November .
97 - year - old Freedom fighter Konda Laxman Bapuji also launched his week-long satyagraha at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi , demanding statehood to the region .
2012 .
In January , BJP led by State party president Kishan Reddy started the 22 - day Telangana ' Poru Yatra ' , across 88 assembly constituencies stressing the need for Telangana stance .
Though the tour was successful in reiterating the party 's pro - Telangana stance , it could not garner as much support as hoped because of the indifferent attitude of the TRS & TJAC .
In fact the failure of the TRS in declaring its support to Kishan Reddy ’s yatra has resulted in growing differences between the two parties .
Bye elections took place on 18 March in 6 Telangana assembly seats .
TRS won 4 out of 5 seats it contested with huge majorities ranging from 15,024 to 44,465 .
In 2 out of the 4 seats won by TRS ( Kamareddy & Adilabad ) , the TRS candidates polled less number of votes compared to 2009 assembly elections when they contested as candidates from TDP which was in alliance with TRS .
Ex-TDP MLA Nagam Janardhan Reddy won from Nagarkurnool seat as an independent with TJAC support .
Congress lost deposit in one constituency and TDP in 3 constituencies .
Bye - polls were conducted for 18 Assembly seats and 1 Parliament seat on 12 June .
The YSRCP won 15 assembly seats and the lone Parliament seat in Seema-Andhra region .
TRS 's candidate managed to win the Parkal seat with a slender majority of 1562 votes over YSRCP candidate Konda Surekha .
TDP finished third after polling 30,000 votes and retained its deposit .
Both BJP & Congress lost their deposits .
In September 2012 , Sushilkumar Shinde , the newly appointed Home minister of India commented that the Telangana demand needs to be handled carefully since similarly carved smaller states saw increased Naxal problems .
Addressing a public meeting in Nizamabad district , AIMIM president Asaduddin Owaisi said that formation of a separate Telangana state is not possible and reaffirmed his party 's stand on the issue .
He also said that Muslims would not accept a separate state .
On 14 August 2012 , KCR gave a deadline to the centre to declare statehood in 2 weeks and promised to launch another round of agitation if the centre does n't .
He later declared that he got feelers that a positive announcement will be made by Eid .
In another interview after Eid , he remarked that Sonia Gandhi has always been in favour of Telangana and that the central government will call his party for discussions in " few weeks or so " On 6 September , KCR left for Delhi and announced that the issue will be resolved by end of September .
After his 23 - day stay in Delhi , KCR returned to Hyderabad hoping for a final round of talks with the Congress leadership on the issue .
He claimed that his discussions with several leaders was fruitful .
Telangana March .
After setting 30 September as the deadline for the Centre to announce the formation of Telangana , the TJAC threatened to organize a ' Telangana March ' in Hyderabad on the lines of the ' Dandi March ' .
Anticipating violence and possibility of attack on properties of Andhraites , Police initially refused permission to the march which is scheduled around the time of Ganesh Nimmajjan on 29 September and UN conference on Bio diversity on 1 October .
The Police begun checking buses and trains entering the city and students who are trying to enter the city to participate in the protest are being sent back .
They identified troublemakers and arrested certain pro - Telangana activists throughout the Telangana region .
Police said that there are intelligence reports that the protestors could attack properties of people of Seemandhra .
On 28 September , after long discussions between JAC leaders and ministers from Telangana region , the state government ignoring warnings about possible breakdown of law & order , gave permission to the March .
The JAC leaders gave written assurance to the government that the agitation programme will be conducted in a peaceful and " gandhian " manner from 15:00 to 19:00 on 30 September on the Necklace road on the edge of Hussain Sager lake .
Indian Railways cancelled several express & passenger trains and all local and sub - urban train services in Hyderabad reportedly on the advise of Police .
On 30 September , the day of the march , Police closed the gates and blocked students at the Osmania University gate and other protestors at several places in the city when they were proceeding in rallies towards the March venue .
Congress MPs from Telangana were arrested in front of Chief minister 's office when they staged a dharna as they were not allowed to meet him over the detention of their party supporters who were stopped from reaching the venue .
Though police sealed all the entry points to the Necklace Road and opened only the Buddha Bhavan route , by 4pm around 2 lakh protestors including various party leaders and their supporters reached the venue from all routes .
Coming under attack from both sides , the police ceded the entire Necklace Road to the protesters who marched on till Jal Vihar .
According to the Police , the protesters torched two police vehicles at People 's Plaza on the Necklace Road .
The mobs also set afire three police vehicles , a couple of media outdoor broadcasting vans , machinery and a temporary cabin room of a construction company .
The protesters made an attempt to set on fire a local train at Khairatabad station .
At the railway ’s Hussainsagar junction cabin , around 1,000 Telangana supporters went on a rampage overpowering over 100 uniformed men stationed in the area and burnt down the cabin after manhandling railway staff .
The entire signalling system was damaged and officials pegged the loss at around Rs. 60 lakh .
After 19:00 , TJAC leaders violated the deadline and refused to leave the venue till the government issues a statement on Telangana .
Police first used water cannons and later lobbed tear gas shells on the crowd and on to the stage to force the protestors to leave the venue .
Finally at midnight the JAC called off the March citing heavy rain and injured supporters .
The next day , local police registered 15 cases against Kodandaram and others for conducting the march beyond the permitted time of 7 pm and till midnight and also for violence during the march .
Railway police also registered cases against unidentified persons for damage to the signalling system at Lakdikapul .
Cases were booked against the student leaders of TSJAC , OUJAC , Telangana Vidyarti Parishad and TVV .
The bandh drew little response in Hyderabad and was partial in Telangana districts .
Osmania University students again resorted to stone throwing and police retaliated by using tear gas shells .
All Party meeting in December .
On 28 December 2012 a meeting was organised by Sushilkumar Shinde , Home minister of India to discuss the Telangana issue .
It was attended by 8 political parties having significant presence in the state legislature .
After hearing views of all the parties , the home minister said that this will be the last such meeting on this issue and that the government will come up with a decision within 30 days .
In the meeting , MIM & CPI ( M ) reiterated their strong opposition to division of the state .
YSR Congress remained neutral and requested the central government to take a decision .
Congress representatives gave conflicting views , one supporting the division & one opposing it .
TDP representatives gave a letter signed by its president which said that it never withdrawn its letter to Pranab Mukharjee in 2008 supporting Telangana state formation .
Telangana JAC demanded more clarity from Telugu Desam before they allow TDP to be a member of JAC .
2013 .
2013 Witnessed more protest by the TJAC including blockade of the road blockade of NH 7 in Mahbubnagar district .
Public property was destroyed .
This year also witnessed protest by 5 Congress MPs for 48 hours at the entrance of the Indian Parliament .
Leaders from various political parties joined TRS in support of the movement .
Chalo Assembly .
In May 2013 , the TJAC gave a call to lay siege to the state legislative Assembly in Hyderabad on 14 June 2013 to demand the formation of Telangana .
Government refused permission to the march as they had information that anti-social elements might participate in the event and cause violence like in previous events of " Sagara Haram " and " Million March " where violence erupted despite promises made by the TJAC .
Police made pre-emptive arrests of activists through the region which led do stalling of the assembly proceedings by opposition parties .
The chief minister directed the Director-General of Police at a high-level review meeting not to use even rubber bullets in their efforts and observe utmost restraint in maintaining law and order .
Amid fear of violence by Naxalites after an open letter claimed to have been written by them on the rally , police sounded a high alert across the state and almost sealed all the arterial roads leading to the Assembly .
Over 25,000 policemen belonging to both central and state security forces were deployed .
The TJAC leaders alleged that the government has been using repressive measures to prevent them from representing the aspirations of Telangana people in a peaceful manner .
Educational institutions declared a holiday and public transport went off the roads and shops and establishments shut as a precautionary measure .
On the day of the event in spite of the restrictions placed , police could not totally prevent Telangana activists from sneaking into prime locations and making a vain bid to rush towards the Assembly .
Hundreds of people including state legislators , JAC Chaiman and other leaders were arrested across the city .
Osmania University campus witnessed pitched battles as police closed the campus gate to stop students leaving campus in a rally then resorted to tear gas shelling when student started stone pelting .
After the march , the TJAC Chairman remarked that their goal to reach Assembly complex and highlight their demand was fulfilled .
Congress Core Committee Meeting .
According to an internal survey reportedly done for the state government ( cited by media sources in June ) , the Congress party will get around 35-40 seats out of 294 MLA seats in the state , with TRS ahead in Telangana region while YSRCP in the Seema-Andhra region .
This survey was reportedly being considered to arrive at a decision on the statehood issue .
On 30 June , Congress leaders belonging to Telangana region organized a public meeting in Hyderabad with a turn out of over 100,000 to show their support to Telangana state .
It was attended by Damodar Raja Narasimha , Deputy Chief minister of the state , central ministers , state ministers , MPs & MLAs who expressed the confidence that their party leadership will create the separate state soon and said that Congress will perform well in next elections in such a situation .
On 1 July , Congress party 's in-charge of the state , Digvijay Singh said that party is at the final stages of taking decision on Telangana issue .
He also directed state chief minister , deputy chief minister and state party president ( they represent assembly constituencies in Rayalaseema , Telangana and Coastal Andhra regions respectively ) to furnish a roadmap , keeping both options open , that could help lead to a decision .
On 11 July the three leaders presented their views in the Congress core committee meeting , post which it was announced that a decision will be taken by the Congress Working Committee .
The Chief Minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy met several MPs , MLAs and MLCs on 29 July in a bid to resolve the issue being taken up by the central Congress government .
CWC resolution on bifurcation .
The Congress Working Committee ( CWC ) unanimously passed a resolution On 30 July to create the State of Telangana .
The committee also assured that the concerns of people from the remaining regions regarding sharing of water and power resources will be addressed .
The bifurcation decision sparked off fresh protests as part of the Samaikyandhra Movement .
Reactions .
TRS welcomed the decision and its chief K. Chadrashekhar Rao said that his party is fine with Hyderabad being the joint capital .
This was seen as an attempt by the INC to merge TRS into itself for the general and provincial election after being marginalised in the Rayalseema and coastal regions by the YSR Congress .
A BJP state level leader gave credit for the move to Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi by saying that the move by Congress was in reaction to Modi 's tour to Hyderabad on 11 August .
BJP national level leaders reacted by saying that the move was under pressure and that their party supports the creation of Telangana and Vidarbha .
They demanded that other requests for the creation of new states such as those of Gorkhaland and Bodoland need to be done by appointing a Second States Reorganisation Commission earlier too .
We now demand that the government should set it up and seek a report within a specific timeframe .
Many parties and politicians including the Chief Minister - who hails from Rayalaseema - protested the bill .
Some even termed it as " undemocratic " .
The congress and YSRCP were wiped out in the following elections , however in all three regions of the erstwhile Andhra Pradesh.Indian general election , 2014 . The decision sparked protests by the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha ( GJM ) in the form of an indefinite strike for Gorkhaland .
GJM President Bimal Gurung also resigned from the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration in demand for Gorkhaland , citing West Bengal government 's interference with its autonomy .
It was even speculated by the media that more such moves could gain steam , such as that by the Bundelkhand Mukti Morcha for Bundelkhand .
Meanwhile , the national Home Ministry opined that the lack of development in the proposed areas and the proximity to other hotbeds in Chattishgarh 's Bastar and Maharashtra 's Gadhidoli regions might cause an increase in Naxalism in Telangana Communist Party of India ( Maoist ) if the administration is not quickly consolidated .
The next steps towards the re - formation of Telangana , expected by early 2014 , are : The national cabinet sharing its plans with the President of India and the Andhra Pradesh legislature .
The Prime Minister would then organise a committee to negotiate a consensus between the leaders from the three regions for issues such as sharing revenue and water .
Both national houses of parliament would then have to pass a resolution to create Telangana .
Cabinet approval of Telangana state .
3 October 2013 , the Union Cabinet approved the creation of the new State of Telangana .
A Group of Ministers ( GoM ) was created to settle issues concerning the new state and the State of Andhra Pradesh .
Hyderabad will be the shared capital for 10 years , after which it will belong to Telangana , said the Home Minister .
On 8 October , recently retired director general of police Dinesh Reddy said the Chief minister , Kiran Kumar Reddy pressured him to issue a public statement that the creation of Telangana would lead to intensification of Maoist activities .
He also charged that the CM had reprimanded him for seeking additional central forces for containing expected trouble in Seemandhra in the run up to the Congress Working Committee 's Telangana resolution at the end of July .
Events leading to the formation of Telangana .
Formation of Group of Ministers ( GoM ) .
Govt of India set up the " Group of Ministers " ( GOM ) headed by union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde to address all the issues that need resolution at the central and state government levels during the formation of Telangana state .
GOM met on 11 October for the first time released its terms of reference ] ] on 16 Oct. GOM met 2nd time on 19 October and considered the background notes which had been prepared by the Home Ministry regarding the various issues pertaining to the bifurcation .
It also asked feedback from public to send their suggestions pertaining to the specific terms of reference before 5 November .
On 29 October , the background notes prepared by Home ministry for GOM appeared in the media .
On 30 October , Union Home Minister Sushil Kumar Shinde called for an all-party meeting , to be attended by representatives of national and regional parties of the state , to discuss the issues related to bifurcation .
In a letter to 8 major political parties in the state , home ministry asked the parties to submit their suggestions to the GoM by 5 November , following which an all-party meeting will be held .
On 13-14 November GOM met the representatives all parties of the state to discuss ( TDP boycotted the meeting ) about the issues related to bifurcation .
GOM had meetings including some with CM , Deputy CM , cabinet ministers from the state and other state leaders while finalizing the Telangana draft bill .
On 3 December , Talk of including 2 Rayalaseema districts , Ananthapur district and Kurnool district , in Telangana state by GOM was criticized by pro Telangana groups .
TRS and JAC called for Telangana wide bandh ( strike ) on 5 December 2013 which had a good response .
On the evening of 5 December 2013 , cabinet approved the Telangana draft bill prepared by Group of Ministers ( GoM ) .
The bill have to approved by Parliament before it becomes 29th state of the union .
Legislative Proceedings .
6 December 2013 : India 's Union Home Ministry sends the Telangana draft bill to The President of India .
11 December 2013 : The President of India reviews the bill and passes it on to the Andhra Pradesh State Assembly to elicit its views , giving it until 23 January to respond with its views .
The bill was urgently hand-delivered the following day , to Assembly Secretariat by the Joint Secretary of Union Home Ministry .
16 December 2013 : was introduced in Andhra Pradesh state assembly by deputy speaker Mallu Bhatti Vikramarka in speakers absence .
This was met by protests and chaos created by the Seemandhra MLAs .
17 December 2013 : Assembly 's proceedings remain disrupted .
The Business Advisory Committee ( BAC ) of the State Assembly decides to discuss the Bill starting the following day .
This evokes mixed reactions including allegations on Seemandhra leaders ' attempt to derail the bill by delaying the process .
18,19 December 2013 : Assembly proceedings continue to be disrupted .
The situation forces the speaker , Nadendla Manohar to adjourn the house until 3 January.This is met with protests from the Telangana MLAs .
Telangana and Seemandhra leaders meet The President Pranab Mukherjee vying with each other to complain about the way the Telangana bill was being handled .
1 January 2014 : 2 days before the start of the next assembly session , the Chief Minister replaces D Sridhar Babu with S Sailajanath .
This move comes criticized as the former hails from Telangana and the latter is actively involved with Samaikyandhra Movement .
Sridhar Babu resigns from the cabinet in protest .
3,4 January 2014 : Situation fails to improve as Assembly sessions remain disrupted .
6 January 2014 : Unable to continue Assembly sessions amid chaos , the speaker requests members to submit written amendments , if any , to the clauses of the Bill by 10 January .
8 January 2014 : The bill is finally taken up for debate .
However , this lasts for only a few minutes with the YSR Congress Party MLAs resuming protests .
9 January : The debate continues only after YSRCP MLAs were suspended .
While there was polarization on regional lines , debate more or less turned into a blame game over the state bifurcation issue as every party indulged in a game of political one - upmanship .
Congress leader from Seemandhra and minister Vatti Vasanth Kumar spoke opposing the Telangana bill and said bifurcation is against Seemandhra interests .
On 10 January , debate started after YSRCP members staged walk out .
Among others , TRS floor leader , E Rajender spoke in length supporting Telangana bill while highlighting the grievances of Telangana people and the history of the movement .
CPI floor leader G Mallesh , Congress leader from Telangana and government chief whip Gandra Venkaramana Reddy spoke supporting Telangana bill .
House was adjorned until 17 January .
After 17 January , debate had less disruptions .
Chief Minister requested the President 4week additional time for the debate a move opposed by Telangana leaders .
On 23 January , President gave 7days extension , until 30 January , for assembly to give its views on Telangana draft bill .
23-25 Jan 2014 : The Chief Minister presents his analysis on how the bifurcation is detrimental to both regions , the highlights being the effect on current irrigation projects in Telangana and better subsidized electricity given to farmers of Telangana .
Telangana MLAs ridicule the Chief Minister and prevent the proceedings citing no opportunity to make a counter argument .
The Chief Minister later expresses his opinion as the AP Reorganization Bill - 2013 being defective .
Other members view this as an unduly delayed reaction .
27 Jan 2014 : Chief Minister Kirankumar Reddy , gave notice to assembly speaker requesting to move resolution rejecting the Telangana bill .
The move was criticized by Telangana MLAs including the ministers and deputy chief minister saying that cabinet was not consulted on the subject .
They said this " amounts to defying the Union Cabinet , Constitution and President " .
After this , no debate was possible in the assembly as Telangana members insisted that speaker reject the Chief minister 's notice .
On 30 January 2014 , Andhra Pradesh assembly speaker declared that assembly completed the debate and all the members gave their views .
He said , he would send to the President of India a compilation of 9,072 suggestions and amendments he received in writing from members , including 87 members who had spoken on the Bill in the house .
Further he accepted the Chief minister 's notice of resolution to reject the AP Reorganization Bill and declared that resolution passed by voice vote without even waiting for the MLAs in the house to say ‘aye ’ , admist pandemonium and protests from Telangana MLAs .
Earlier in the day Seemandhra members rushed to the well of the House demanding that the resolution moved by the CM , without cabinet approval , be put to vote , those from the Telangana region , including the ministers and deputy chief minister , did the same with the demand that there should be no voting .
At 11.30 pm , in what appears to be a coordinated strategy between the speaker , the chief minister and the Seemandhra legislators , all the members from that region converged at the well of the House and formed a wall around the speaker even as Manohar read out the resolution , put it to voice vote and declared it as having been passed .
The bill will now be sent back to President Pranab Mukherjee after which it is slated to be tabled in Parliament .
The resolution was placed in the house and was declared passed within 15 seconds .
Analysts say " rejection of Telangana bill " is not valid and is useful only for political grand standing .
Union cabinet minister Jaipal Reddy said that the resolution to reject the Telangana bill was passed in the assembly by cheating and it has no statutory and political sanctity .
General secretary of Congress Party and party 's in-charge for Andhra Pradesh , Digvijay Singh said that the bill that the President sent to the Assembly was never meant to be put to vote and said that the Congress high command and the Center would go ahead with its plans to introduce and pass the Telangana Bill in Parliament during the forthcoming session .
On 4 February , GOM cleared the Telangana bill after making few amendments to it based upon the input from state assembly .
On 7 February , Union cabinet cleared the Telangana bill and plans to introduce in upper house of Parliament with 32 amendments .
Amendments include the details of financial package to Seemandhra to address their concerns .
On 13 February , Telangana bill was introduced in the Lok Sabha , the lower house of Parliament , by Union home minister , Sushilkumar Shinde despite protests , disruptions of Seemandhra MPs .
In an unprecedented incidence , the use of pepper spray by Seemandhra MP , Lagadapati Rajagopal in the Lok Sabha during the introduction of the bill caused all the members to leave the house and some members to be hospitalized .
18 February 2014 : the Telangana Bill is passed by the Lok Sabha with support from the BJP and Congress .
Broadcast of the proceedings enters a blackout during the voice vote .
This caused widespread criticism of the manner in which the bill was passed .
20 February 2014 : The Telangana bill is passed by Rajya Sabha with the support form the BJP .
The bill receives the assent of the President and published in the gazette on 1 March 2014 .
On 4 March 2014 the Government of India declares 2 June 2014 the Telangana Formation Day .
Telangana is the 29th state of the Union of India with Hyderabad as its capital .
Both states will share the capital for 10 years until Seemandhra can establish its own .
However , the revenues of Hyderabad will go only to Telangana .
No special status was accorded to Seemandhra , though it was hinted in the Telangana Bill .

Masego Ntshingane
Masego Ntshingane ( born 14 November 1978 ) is a Botswana former footballer who played as a midfielder .
He played for the Botswana national football team between 1997 and 2006 .

Begum Akhtar Sulaiman
Begum Akhtar Sulaiman ( née Akhtar Jahan Suhrawardy ) ( 1922–1982 ) was a Pakistani social worker , political activist and the daughter of Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy , the fifth Prime Minister of Pakistan .
Family .
Begum Sulaiman was married to Shah Ahmed Sulaiman ( son of Justice Sir Shah Sulaiman and the Karachi manager of a large British British export-import company that dealt in antibiotics and other medical supplies ) and had one child , Shahida Jamil ( who later became the first female Pakistani Federal Minister for Law ) .
Shahida Jamil has two sons , Zahid Jamil ( a lawyer in Pakistan ) and Shahid Jamil ( a solicitor in London ) .
Public service .
Begum Sulaiman 's interest in civic and philanthropic work began when she was quite young .
When the killings on Direct Action Day occurred in 1946 she worked hours on end to relieve the suffering of the riot victims .
Later she founded widows and children 's home and was named Honorary Lady Magistrate dealing with juvenile delinquency .
She was also an Honorary Secretary of the Girls Orphanage in Calcutta .
Immediately following Pakistan 's independence in 1947 , Begum Sulaiman , in order to assist her father 's efforts of promoting Hindu-Muslim harmony , made it her special concern to study the grievances of the Muslim minority in India and bring their plight to the attention of the authorities as well as seek redress for them .
Begum Sulaiman , after moving to Pakistan in 1948 , worked with the refugees migrating from India to Pakistan to better their condition .
When her father , a widower , became Prime Minister of Pakistan in 1956 , Begum Sulaiman acted as his hostess , accompanying him during his state visits in the US ( Summer 1957 ) and China ( October 1956 ) .
She was the President of the Society for the Rehabilitation of Crippled Children , Karachi , among her many other social activities were President of the Refugee Co-Ordinating Council ; President of the Pakistan Guild Welfare Council , Karachi section ; Vice President of the Adult Blind Center ; Vice President of the All Pakistan Child Welfare Council , Member of the Executive Body of the National Council Social Works , member of the Executive Body of the Pakistan Red Cross and District Commissioner of the Girl Guides Association of Karachi .

Rakaia railway accident
The Rakaia railway accident at Rakaia , Canterbury , New Zealand on the evening of Saturday , 11 March 1899 occurred when the second of two excursion trains returning from Ashburton to Christchurch , ran into the rear of the first at the Rakaia Railway Station , killing four passengers .
While due to excessive speed , the accident resulted in overdue improvements by New Zealand Railways to signalling and braking .
Background .
Rakaia was an intermediate station on the single-track Main South Line between Ashburton and Christchurch , with a branch line to Methven .
Two excursion trains carrying about 3000 workers and families from the Islington Freezing Works ( abattoir ) in Christchurch had been to Ashburton for their annual picnic .
The first train had two locomotives and 30 carriages , and the second had one locomotive and 14 carriages plus two wagons .
The first train left Ashburton at 6.05 pm .
The second train left 20 minutes late at 6.35 pm. , and the chief guard ( William Climpson ) was left on the platform .
The two trains had to wait at Rakaia for the regular Christchurch - Ashburton train , and a Methven branch train was waiting on the branch line south of Rakaia Station .
Conditions were wet and unpleasant , with driving rain and a south-west gale .
Accident .
The second train was tying to make up time , and should have stopped short of the Rakaia station .
But the driver ( Charles Carter ) did not brake until he saw the hand-held light of a station clerk , and the brakes skidded on the wet rails .
The guard ( J. Curson ) of the first train saw the second train approaching fast , and signalled the drivers ( William Hyland and Gardiner ) to move the first train .
Though the first train only had time to move two coach lengths , this reduced the damage .
The engine of the second train ploughed into the back of the guard 's van of the first train , causing it to cut 14 feet into the next carriage while the third carriage mounted the second carriage to a distance of about 8 feet .
Casualties .
Four passengers , three young women and a child , were killed and 22 injured Aftermath .
The Inquest jury found Carter was negligent in approaching the station too fast , though also criticising the lack of fixed signals at a station where five passenger trains met .
Carter was then acquitted of manslaughter in the Christchurch Supreme Court , but was dismissed after a Royal Commission of Inquiry found he was negligent in not observing the regulations governing an approach to a station .
But he was “ scapegoat for a railway system suffering from severe growing pains , using operational methods that had not kept pace with increased traffic ” ( Conly & Stewart , page 77 ) .
The accident led to the fitting of air brakes to rolling stock and improved signalling .
Only the locomotives ( Ub ) were fitted with air brakes , with hand-operated brakes in the guard ’s van at the rear , and Rakaia station had no fixed signals .
So Westinghouse Continuous Air Brakes were fitted to rolling stock , and interlocking signals installed , plus ( Tyers ) tablet machines on single lines ( as most NZR lines were ) .

Penstemon eatonii
Penstemon eatonii is a species of penstemon known by the common name firecracker penstemon .
It is native to the Western United States , from Southern California to the Rocky Mountains .
It grows in many types of desert , woodland , forest , and open plateau habitat .
Description .
" Penstemon eatoni " is a perennial herb producing several sprawling to erect stems reaching one meter in maximum height .
The leaves are lance - shaped to oval , untoothed , and up to 9 centimeters in length .
The inflorescence produces showy tubular flowers in shades of bright red , sometimes exceeding 3 centimeters in length .
The flower is narrow and cylindrical , not spreading much at the mouth .

João Lourenço Rebelo
João Lourenço Rebelo , or João Soares Rebelo ( 1610 – 16 November 1665 ) was the only Portuguese composer to adopt the Venetian polychoral style .
Despite his closeness to the king John IV of Portugal ( 1603–1656 ) , and despite what is traditionally said , Rebelo never held any office in the royal household .
Life .
Rebelo was born in Caminha in 1610 , son of João Soares Pereira and Maria Lourenço Rebelo .
In 1624 , became a choir boy at the Ducal Palace of Vila Viçosa , while his older brother , Father Marcos Soares Pereira ( ?- 1655 ) was admitted as chaplain - singer .
Fitting the aristocratic patterns of behavior of the 17th century , and as a sign of pre-eminence , Teodósio II , Duke of Braganza had created the " Colégio dos Santos Reis Magos " ( " College of the Three Wise Kings " ) , an academy for court musicians , where Rebelo study under Robert Turner ( c.1578-1629 ) , an Irish musician who himself had been a student of the Flemish composer Géry de Ghersem , and " mestre de capela " of the duke chapel since 1616 , and possibly under Friar Manuel Cardoso .
Unlike what is traditionally said , Rebelo did n’t became music teacher of the duke ’s heir João , Duke of Barcelos ( who was six years older than him ) , they simply struck up a friendship that was to endure the rest of his life .
After the overthrow of the Philippine Dynasty on 1 December 1640 , which had ruled Portugal since 1580 , João became king of Portugal and the ducal chapel moved from Vila Viçosa to Lisbon .
Both brothers moved to the capital in the King ’s retinue and in 1641 Marcos became " mestre da Capela Real " of the Royal Chapel .
In 1646 Rebelo was made a nobleman , " Fidalgo " " de juro e herdade " of the Royal House and knighted with the Order of Christ , a position with significant financial benefits , the Comenda of São Bartolomeu de Rabal , with annual incomes of two hundred thousand " réis " .
In 1652 Rebelo married Maria de Macedo , daughter of Domingos de Macedo , governor of Monção .
There are three clear evidences to prove king John IV of Portugal friendship and admiration to Rebelo : the dedication of his own musical treatise " Defensa de la musica moderna " ( " In Defense of modern music " ) , published anonymously in 1650 , a letter to the Portuguese agent in Rome and a paragraph of his last will and testament .
In the first case , the king turned the tables on protocol and wrote in the dedication to the treatise : “ " To Senhor Ivan Lorenço Rabelo ( … ) .
This monograph written in Defense of the Modern Composition and Composers is dedicated to you , ( … ) having seen the book of your four , five , and six-part masses ; the music for ten , twelve , seventeen and twenty voices ( … ) and if they have not yet been published it is not because they fear the light but because they have not been given to it ; but they will appear in due course .
God preserve you " ” .
In the case of the letter to the Portuguese agent in Rome , from March 1654 , the king write : “ " I have prepared some books for the press [ containing ] a complete series of vesper psalms , and other pieces for different choirs and voices by Juan Lourenço Rabelo ( … ) " ” .
In the last case , two days before his death , king John IV of Portugal wrote in is testament ( 4 November 1656 ) : “ " I have ordered the works of João Rebello to be printed in Italy at my expense ; I bestow this on him and leaving a dozen books in my library , he must distribute the remainder in Castile , Italy , and other parts as he thinks fit .
" ” .
Choosing a Roman printer can be interpreted as a means of bringing pressure to bear on the Papal States , which still had not recognize Portugal 's independence from Spain .
In 1657 the workshop of Maurizio and Amadeo de Belmonte , in Rome , printed the collection of 33 pieces dated between 1636 and 1653 , in the form of seventeen booklets respectively for voice and instrument , under the title " Joannis Laurentii Rabello Psalmi , tum Vesperarum tum Completarum .
Item Magnificat , Lamentationes et Miserere " ( " Psalms , both of Vespers and of Compline .
[ And ] also the Magnificat , the Lamentationes and the Miserere by João Lourenço Rebelo " ) .
Only one single copy of this edition had been preserved , thanks to the Italian priest Fortunato Santini ( 1776-1861 ) , and is now preserved in the library of the Episcopal Seminary of Münster .
A modern transcription have been released in 1982 by Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation " monumenta " edition " Portugaliae Musica " .
Also four volumes of the original impression survived in the Biblioteca Nacional de Portugal , from the Jesuit College of " Santo Antão " .
João Lourenço Rebelo died at Apelação ( Loures ) on 16 November 1661 .
Music , style and influence .
Currently , only forty-four compositions are known from Rebelo , all published by " Portugaliae Musica " .
Unfortunately , most of his works vanished in the Lisbon earthquake of November 1 , 1755 , with the destruction of the Music Royal Library .
Any considerations made about Rebelo ’s music , style and influence are confined to this set of compositions .
Rebelo is a good illustration of the intriguing juxtaposition of tradition and innovation in Western music during most of the 17th century .
In the words of the Portuguese musicologist João Pedro d’ Alvarenga “ " Rebelo ’s music appears to us as a strange monument in the little-known musical landscape of 17th - century Portugal .
In its abstract architectural quality , inclined more to ignore than to underline the text , in the sound effects ranging from massive to transparent , erected in a diversified play of frequently asymmetrical combinations of voices and instruments , in the demanding instrumental writings and the vocal ornamentation , it leans more to the style of 17th - century northern Italian composers to whose works Rebelo had had privileged access in the rich musical library belonging to King João IV .
But it does not ignore the contrapuntal refinement typical of the Portuguese composers of the preceding generations " ” .
Rebelo was one of the first Portuguese composers to write specific parts for instruments in his sacred works .
Although he did not specified which instruments would play , most of his compositions have obbligato parts labeled " vox instrumentalis " .
They also have a basso continuo .
However , few if any figures are included to indicate the nature of the chords .
Melodically , the basso continuo always follows the bass tone and thus rather takes on the character of a " basso seguente " .
In his compositions , Rebelo strives for strong contrasts in sound and in the very texture of the musical architecture , mixing choirs of singers , solo singers , and voices and instruments .
We can find Cantus firmus sung on long notes as the basis of splendid Concertato counterpoint for six " vox instrumentalis " , like in " Educes me " ( Psalm 31 , verse 5 ) , the endless repetition of musical figuration in " Super Aspidem " ( Psalm 19 , verse 13 – with 13 parts ) or the typical sonorities of Monteverdi ’s madrigals in the charming " Qui habitat " ( Psalm 91 , verse 1-6 ) .
At the same time Rebelo knows how to evoke the Roman School polyphony , like in is seven-part motet " Panis Angelicus " , full of harmonic false relations or in his Lamentationes , in which the composer achieves effects through the use of piercing chromatic harmonies .
There is no evidence of Rebelo ’s music being played in the Royal Chapel , which is not surprising since Rebelo has not held any official position .
The king himself says , in the dedication of his musical treatise , that he " saw " Rebelo ’s music books not " heard " his music .
We may consider the hypothesis of private musical sessions , only with the king attending but , again , the absence of documentary evidence in this matter , refers us to the field of assumptions .
Probably , most of Rebelo ’s compositions were made in a theoretical and aesthetic sense , looking for a particular style or concept of music more than the display of contrapuntal virtuosity or secure a place in History .
As Paul Van Nevel says regarding Rebelo ’s music : “ " For him , music was an absolute art with its own ideas that were not necessarily connected to any text ( … ) .
One must conclude that Rebelo wrote in the way that momentarily suited him : he either composed music to serve a text or music in which the text is only a background for the expression of purely musical ideas " ” .

American - Mexican Claims Commission
The American - Mexican Claims Commission , officially known as the General Claims Commission ( Mexico and United States , ) was a commission set up by treaty that adjudicated claims by citizens of the United States and Mexico for losses suffered due to the acts of one government against nationals of the other .
The General Commission lasted from 1924 - 1934 , when the mixed U.S. -Mexico commission was abandoned .
There was a Special Commission that was set up to deal with claims arising from the era of the Mexican Revolution .
Neither commission was successful and in 1934 the two governments engaged in direct bilateral negotiations and came to a settlement .
History .
Since Mexico 's independence in 1821 , the US and Mexico on a number of occasions had disputes over territory , taxation , and claims by US private citizens .
Claims between 1825 and 1839 were arbitrated by a claims convention , on the suggestion of the Mexican government .
The convention was established on April 11 , 1839 .
Subsequent commissions were constituted in 1839 , following the Texas Revolt and claims following the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo ( 1848 ) , the Gadsden Treaty ( 1854 ) , and the McLane-Ocampo Treaty ( 1859 ) .
A commission was set up following the expulsion of the French in 1867 , which was constituted on July 4 , 1868 .
The Commission was constituted under the terms of the General Claims Convention , signed September 8 , 1923 , in Washington D. C. by the United States and the Mexico , during the administration of Mexican President Alvaro Obregón and U.S. President Calvin Coolidge ( succeeding Warren G. Harding who died just a month earlier .
) Obregón had sought U.S. diplomatic recognition for his government and engaged in bi-lateral talks with the U.S. over constitutional issues regarding oil , resulting in the Bucareli Treaty .
The Mexican-U.S. General Claims Commission was another formal effort to renegotiate the relationship between the Mexico and the U.S. The convention , which took effect on March 1 , 1924 , was intended to improve relations between the countries by forming a commission to settle claims arising after July 4 , 1868 , “ against one government by nationals of the other for losses or damages suffered by such nationals or their properties ” and “ for losses or damages originating from acts of officials or others acting for either government and resulting in injustice .
” Excluded from the jurisdiction of the General Claims Commission were cases stemming from events related to revolutions or disturbed conditions in Mexico .
The General Commission met from 1924 to 1931 in Washington , D. C. and Mexico City .
Work resumed in 1934 under a new protocol and format , with two commissioners , Genaro Fernández MacGregor ( Mexico ) and Oscar Underwood , Jr. , US , both appointed in 1934 .
The Special Claims Commission was formed to address claims arising from events which occurred between November 20 , 1910 , and May 31 , 1920 ) .
With the Special Commission , U.S. claims for losses were countered by the Mexican government 's position that some losses were due to " bandits " , such as Pancho Villa , and not " true revolutionaries .
" Villa 's forces had killed some U.S. engineers at Santa Ysabel , and the engineers ' heirs entered a claim for over US$ 1 million , which the Mexican commissioners rejected on the grounds that " Villa at that time was a private bandit whose unfortunate activities were of no concern or responsibility to the Mexican government .
" Neither the General Claims Commission nor the Special Claims Commission ( which dealt with claims from the period of the Mexican Revolution were successful , in part due to differing estimates of damage and culpability , but also because political posturing made individual claims cause for the defense of national honor on both sides .
Claims by U.S. citizens with counterclaims by Mexicans asserted high value for their losses , in anticipation that only a percentage would be paid in the end .
In 1934 , direct bilateral negotiations between the U.S. and Mexican governments worked to settle the general and special claims through ordinary diplomatic channels .
Compensation was established by an agreed-to formula ( 2.64 % of face value ) and claims were lumped together rather than examined on an individual basis .
The compensation was paid in installments from one government to the other , to be parceled out by that government to the claimants .
The quiet diplomacy rather than the bilateral commission accomplished the result of clearing the claims .
Membership .
The Commission was composed of three members , one from the U.S. , one from Mexico , and one from a neutral country .
The commissioners were Cornelis van Vollenhoven of The Netherlands ( neutral ) ( served 1924 - August 30 , 1927 ) ; Kristian Sindballe of Denmark ( served July 16 , 1928 – July 1 , 1929 ; Horacio F. Alfaro , Panama , appointed by agreement of the two governments , serving from May 27 , 1930 .
Genaro Fernández MacGregor ( Mexican ) ( served continuously from 1924 ) , Edwin B. Parker ( United States ) ( served 1923 - resigned July 17 , 1926 ) , Fred Kenelm Nielsen ( United States ) ( appointed July 31 , 1926 , served continuously from then on ) , and Edgar E. Witt ( United States ) .

Innocent Ranku
Innocent Ranku is a Botswanan footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Uniao Flamengo Santos .
He played for the Botswana national football team between 1997 and 2003 .

NATO Rapid Deployable Italian Corps
The NATO Rapid Deployable Corps - Italy ( NRDC-IT ) ( also Rapid Deployable Italian Corps ) is a corps headquarters of the Italian Army .
It was established in November 2001 as a High Readiness Force ( HRF ) of NATO .
The staff of NRDC-IT is located in Solbiate Olona , a few kilometers northwest of Milan .
History .
In 1997 , in the wake of a major restructuring of the Italian Army , the 3rd Army Corps was transformed into the Projection Forces Command ( COMFOP ) in command and control of three Brigades , which were characterized by high mobility and deployability .
However already on 1 December 2000 the 3rd Army Corps ceded its last brigades to the 1st Defence Forces Command ( COMFOD 1 ° ) and with its personnel the NATO Rapid Deployable Italian Corps was raised in January 2001 .
Structure .
NRDC-IT is operationally led by the Joint Force Command Headquarters in Naples , Brunssum or Lisbon .
Its staff comprises soldiers from 15 NATO member states , but the Commander and a large part of the staff are Italian .
Normally , the Corps commands only a support brigade and a few subordinate units , but if necessary it can command further support units as well as a number of divisions or brigades .

Tapiolan Honka
Tapiolan Honka is a basketball club based in Espoo , Finland .
Their men 's team plays in Korisliiga and their women 's team plays in Naisten Korisliiga , both on highest tiers of Finnish basketball .
History .
Originally founded as a sports club Tapion Honka in 1957 .
The basketball section separated in 1975 under the name of Tapiolan Honka .
Nowadays the club has 700 licensed players and over 1200 total members in different age categories .
From 1975 onwards , the men 's first team was known as Espoon Honka .
The team was dissolved in 2011 and a new team was founded under the original name Tapiolan Honka .

Fluff pulp
Fluff pulp ( also called " comminution pulp " or " fluffy pulp " ) is a type of chemical pulp made from long fibre softwoods .
Important parameters for fluff pulp are bulk and water absorbency .
History .
Fluff pulp was first developed for use in disposable sanitary napkins .
Kotex first advertisement for products made with wood pulp ( Cellucotton ) appeared in 1921 .
Disposable diaper producers also were early to convert to fluff pulp because of its low cost and high absorbency .
Normal usage of fluff pulp in a diaper was about 55 grams .
In the 1980s started the commercialization of air - laid paper , which gave better bulk , porosity , strength , softness and water absorption properties compared with normal tissue paper .
Also in the 1980s started the use of superabsorbents in diapers and reduced the need for fluff pulp and is now down to 15 grams or even less .
The demand of the pulp in diapers has gone from being the absorbent of liquid to giving the products dry and wet strength .
Manufacture .
More than 90 % of the fluff pulps are fully bleached chemical softwood pulps , of which more than 90 % are kraft pulps .
The most common raw material source for fluff pulps are southern bleached softwood kraft ( SBSK ) from slash pine .
SBSK from other species and NBSK are also used to make fluff pulp .
Thicker fibres are preferred to improve the bulk .
Fluff pulp is normally made rolls ( reels ) on a drying machine ( a simplified Fourdrinier machine ) .
The objective of the drying / sheeting operation is to produce a uniform sheet ( paper density , moisture and strength ) to the converting operation .
The pulp may be impregnated with debonders before drying to ease defibration .
The worldwide production of fluff pulps amounts to about 3.5 million tons .
Applications .
Fluff pulps are used as raw material in the absorbent core of personal care products such as diapers , feminine hygiene products , air - laid absorbent towelling , as such or with superabsorbents and / or synthetical fibres .
More than 80 % of the pulps are used in baby diapers .
The most demanding application of fluff pulps is in air - laid products , used in serving utensils , various towel applications in homes , in the industry and in hospitals .
Fluff pulp for air - laid products are defibrized in a hammermill .
Defibration is the process of freeing the fibres from each other before entering the papermachine .
Important parameters for dry defibration are shredding energy and knot content .

Laeliocatarthron
Laeliocatarthron , abbreviated Lcr .
in the horticultural trade , is the nothogenus containing intergeneric hybrids with at least one ancestor in each of the natural genera " Cattleya " , " Caularthron " , and " Laelia " , and with no ancestors in any other natural genera .
Origin .
A Laeliocatarthron can be produced by hybrids of the following nothogenera and / or natural genera :

Annacurra
Annacurra ( ) is a small village in South-East County Wicklow , Ireland .
It is located just off the R747 road which runs from Arklow to Baltinglass and is about 1.5 miles from Aughrim .
The River Derry runs through the village .
Sport .
The village has a GAA club and have been very successful in the early days of the GAA .
The club won the first three Senior championships between 1887–89 and went on to win the championship a total of nine times .
Currently the club are a senior team having ended years of heartbreak by winning the intermediate championship in 2010 .
The club play their home games at Joey Doyle Park and their colours are green and yellow .
Clubman Alan Byrne is currently a star of Harry Murphy 's Wicklow senior football team and lines out at corner back .

Värmlandstrafik
Värmlandstrafik AB is the public transport authority for Värmland , Sweden .

Steinberg ( faucet manufacturer )
Steinberg is a faucet and accessory manufacturer based in Düsseldorf , Germany .
It mainly produces faucets , taps , showers , tropical rain showers , and accessories for bathroom and kitchens .
Steinberg products provide customers with top design and high quality at affordable prices .
History .
The company was established 2002 .
Its administrative headquarters , central storage , and manufacturing is in Düsseldorf .
Products .
Steinberg products are divided into Series .
Each series has its own unique design that follow through all the products in that series .
A new series will be released in 2010 designed by Michael Schneider .
Series 100 - Contemporary , simplicity of design Series 120 - Smooth shapes approaching rectangular design Series 135 - Simple rectangular with cascade spout Series 160 - Square , pure , a beauty of modern design Series 170 - The female approach , harmonic round impressions Series 180 - Dominant design combined with elegant curve Series 250 - The cross - handle design , classic mixer element in combination with a modern look Series 390 - The tropical rain feeling in xxl - size Steinberg national home pages .
Steinberg is represented in many countries around the world .
Here are some links :

Pulse - code modulation
Pulse - code modulation ( PCM ) is a method used to digitally represent sampled analog signals .
It is the standard form of digital audio in computers , Compact Discs , digital telephony and other digital audio applications .
In a PCM stream , the amplitude of the analog signal is sampled regularly at uniform intervals , and each sample is quantized to the nearest value within a range of digital steps .
Linear pulse - code modulation ( LPCM ) is a specific type of PCM where the quantization levels are linearly uniform .
This is in contrast to PCM encodings where quantization levels vary as a function of amplitude ( as with the A - law algorithm or the μ - law algorithm ) .
Though PCM is a more general term , it is often used to describe data encoded as LPCM .
A PCM stream has two basic properties that determine the stream 's fidelity to the original analog signal : the sampling rate , which is the number of times per second that samples are taken ; and the bit depth , which determines the number of possible digital values that can be used to represent each sample .
History .
Early electrical communications started to sample signals in order to interlace samples from multiple telegraphy sources and to convey them over a single telegraph cable .
The American inventor Moses G. Farmer conveyed telegraph time-division multiplexing ( TDM ) as early as 1853 .
Electrical engineer W. M. Miner , in 1903 , used an electro-mechanical commutator for time-division multiplexing multiple telegraph signals ; he also applied this technology to telephony .
He obtained intelligible speech from channels sampled at a rate above 3500–4300 Hz ; lower rates proved unsatisfactory .
This was TDM , but pulse - amplitude modulation ( PAM ) rather than PCM .
In 1920 the Bartlane cable picture transmission system , named after its inventors Harry G. Bartholomew and Maynard D. McFarlane , used telegraph signaling of characters punched in paper tape to send samples of images quantized to 5 levels ; whether this is considered PCM or not depends on how one interprets " pulse code " , but it involved transmission of quantized samples .
In 1926 , Paul M. Rainey of Western Electric patented a facsimile machine which transmitted its signal using 5 - bit PCM , encoded by an opto - mechanical analog-to-digital converter .
The machine did not go into production .
British engineer Alec Reeves , unaware of previous work , conceived the use of PCM for voice communication in 1937 while working for International Telephone and Telegraph in France .
He described the theory and advantages , but no practical application resulted .
Reeves filed for a French patent in 1938 , and his US patent was granted in 1943 .
By this time Reeves had started working at the Telecommunications Research Establishment ( TRE ) .
The first transmission of speech by digital techniques , the SIGSALY encryption equipment , conveyed high-level Allied communications during World War II .
In 1943 the Bell Labs researchers who designed the SIGSALY system became aware of the use of PCM binary coding as already proposed by Alec Reeves .
In 1949 for the Canadian Navy 's DATAR system , Ferranti Canada built a working PCM radio system that was able to transmit digitized radar data over long distances .
PCM in the late 1940s and early 1950s used a cathode-ray coding tube with a plate electrode having encoding perforations .
As in an oscilloscope , the beam was swept horizontally at the sample rate while the vertical deflection was controlled by the input analog signal , causing the beam to pass through higher or lower portions of the perforated plate .
The plate collected or passed the beam , producing current variations in binary code , one bit at a time .
Rather than natural binary , the grid of Goodall 's later tube was perforated to produce a glitch-free Gray code , and produced all bits simultaneously by using a fan beam instead of a scanning beam .
In the United States , the National Inventors Hall of Fame has honored Bernard M. Oliver and Claude Shannon as the inventors of PCM , as described in " Communication System Employing Pulse Code Modulation " , filed in 1946 and 1952 , granted in 1956 .
Another patent by the same title was filed by John R. Pierce in 1945 , and issued in 1948 : .
The three of them published " The Philosophy of PCM " in 1948 .
Implementations .
PCM is the method of encoding generally used for uncompressed audio , although there are other methods such as pulse - density modulation ( used also on Super Audio CD ) .
Modulation .
In the diagram , a sine wave ( red curve ) is sampled and quantized for PCM .
The sine wave is sampled at regular intervals , shown as vertical lines .
For each sample , one of the available values ( on the y - axis ) is chosen by some algorithm .
This produces a fully discrete representation of the input signal ( blue points ) that can be easily encoded as digital data for storage or manipulation .
For the sine wave example at right , we can verify that the quantized values at the sampling moments are 8 , 9 , 11 , 13 , 14 , 15 , 15 , 15 , 14 , etc. Encoding these values as binary numbers would result in the following set of nibbles : 1000 ( 23 × 1 + 22 × 0 + 21 × 0 + 20 × 0 = 8 + 0 + 0 + 0 = 8 ) , 1001 , 1011 , 1101 , 1110 , 1111 , 1111 , 1111 , 1110 , etc. These digital values could then be further processed or analyzed by a digital signal processor .
Several PCM streams could also be multiplexed into a larger aggregate data stream , generally for transmission of multiple streams over a single physical link .
One technique is called time-division multiplexing ( TDM ) and is widely used , notably in the modern public telephone system .
The PCM process is commonly implemented on a single integrated circuit generally referred to as an analog-to-digital converter ( ADC ) .
Demodulation .
To recover the original signal from the sampled data , a " demodulator " can apply the procedure of modulation in reverse .
After each sampling period , the demodulator reads the next value and shifts the output signal to the new value .
As a result of these transitions , the signal has a significant amount of high-frequency energy caused by aliasing .
To remove these undesirable frequencies and leave the original signal , the demodulator passes the signal through analog filters that suppress energy outside the expected frequency range ( greater than the Nyquist frequency formula_ 1 ) .
The sampling theorem shows PCM devices can operate without introducing distortions within their designed frequency bands if they provide a sampling frequency twice that of the input signal .
For example , in telephony , the usable voice frequency band ranges from approximately 300 Hz to 3400 Hz .
Therefore , per the Nyquist – Shannon sampling theorem , the sampling frequency ( 8 kHz ) must be at least twice the voice frequency ( 4 kHz ) for effective reconstruction of the voice signal .
The electronics involved in producing an accurate analog signal from the discrete data are similar to those used for generating the digital signal .
These devices are Digital - to - analog converters ( DACs ) .
They produce a voltage or current ( depending on type ) that represents the value presented on their digital inputs .
This output would then generally be filtered and amplified for use .
Standard sampling resolutions and rates .
Common sample resolutions for LPCM are 8 , 16 , 20 or 24 bits per sample .
LPCM encodes a single sound channel .
Support for multichannel audio depends on file format and relies on interweaving or synchronization of LPCM streams .
While two channels ( stereo ) is the most common format , some can support up to 8 audio channels ( 7.1 surround ) .
Common sampling frequencies are 48 kHz as used with DVD format videos , or 44.1 kHz as used in Compact discs .
Sampling frequencies of 96 kHz or 192 kHz can be used on some newer equipment , with the higher value equating to 6.144 megabit per second for two channels at 16 - bit per sample value , but the benefits have been debated .
The bitrate limit for LPCM audio on DVD - Video is also 6.144 Mbit / s , allowing 8 channels ( 7.1 surround ) × 48 kHz × 16 - bit per sample = 6,144 kbit/s .
There is a L32 bit PCM , and there are many sound cards that support it .
Limitations .
There are potential sources of impairment implicit in any PCM system : Digitization as part of the PCM process .
In conventional PCM , the analog signal may be processed ( e.g. , by amplitude compression ) before being digitized .
Once the signal is digitized , the PCM signal is usually subjected to further processing ( e.g. , digital data compression ) .
PCM with linear quantization is known as Linear PCM ( LPCM ) .
Some forms of PCM combine signal processing with coding .
Older versions of these systems applied the processing in the analog domain as part of the analog-to-digital process ; newer implementations do so in the digital domain .
These simple techniques have been largely rendered obsolete by modern transform - based audio compression techniques .
In telephony , a standard audio signal for a single phone call is encoded as 8,000 analog samples per second , of 8 bits each , giving a 64 kbit/s digital signal known as DS0 .
The default signal compression encoding on a DS0 is either μ - law ( mu-law ) PCM ( North America and Japan ) or A - law PCM ( Europe and most of the rest of the world ) .
These are logarithmic compression systems where a 12 or 13 - bit linear PCM sample number is mapped into an 8 - bit value .
This system is described by international standard G. 711 .
An alternative proposal for a floating point representation , with 5 - bit mantissa and 3 - bit radix , was abandoned .
Where circuit costs are high and loss of voice quality is acceptable , it sometimes makes sense to compress the voice signal even further .
An ADPCM algorithm is used to map a series of 8 - bit µ - law or A - law PCM samples into a series of 4 - bit ADPCM samples .
In this way , the capacity of the line is doubled .
The technique is detailed in the G. 726 standard .
Later it was found that even further compression was possible and additional standards were published .
Some of these international standards describe systems and ideas which are covered by privately owned patents and thus use of these standards requires payments to the patent holders .
Some ADPCM techniques are used in Voice over IP communications .
Encoding for serial transmission .
PCM can be either return - to - zero ( RZ ) or non - return - to - zero ( NRZ ) .
For a NRZ system to be synchronized using in - band information , there must not be long sequences of identical symbols , such as ones or zeroes .
For binary PCM systems , the density of 1 - symbols is called " ones-density " .
Ones - density is often controlled using precoding techniques such as Run Length Limited encoding , where the PCM code is expanded into a slightly longer code with a guaranteed bound on ones - density before modulation into the channel .
In other cases , extra framing bits are added into the stream which guarantee at least occasional symbol transitions .
Another technique used to control ones - density is the use of a scrambler polynomial on the raw data which will tend to turn the raw data stream into a stream that looks pseudo - random , but where the raw stream can be recovered exactly by reversing the effect of the polynomial .
In this case , long runs of zeroes or ones are still possible on the output , but are considered unlikely enough to be within normal engineering tolerance .
In other cases , the long term DC value of the modulated signal is important , as building up a DC offset will tend to bias detector circuits out of their operating range .
In this case special measures are taken to keep a count of the cumulative DC offset , and to modify the codes if necessary to make the DC offset always tend back to zero .
Many of these codes are bipolar codes , where the pulses can be positive , negative or absent .
In the typical alternate mark inversion code , non - zero pulses alternate between being positive and negative .
These rules may be violated to generate special symbols used for framing or other special purposes .
Nomenclature .
The word " pulse " in the term " Pulse - Code Modulation " refers to the " pulses " to be found in the transmission line .
This perhaps is a natural consequence of this technique having evolved alongside two analog methods , pulse width modulation and pulse position modulation , in which the information to be encoded is in fact represented by discrete signal pulses of varying width or position , respectively .
In this respect , PCM bears little resemblance to these other forms of signal encoding , except that all can be used in time division multiplexing , and the numbers of the PCM codes are represented as electrical pulses .
The device that performs the coding and decoding function in a telephone , or other , circuit is called a codec .

Hanna Mwais
Hanna Mwais ( , ; born 1913 , died 13 February 1981 ) was an Israeli Arab politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Hadash between 1977 and his death in 1981 .
Biography .
Born in Rameh during the Ottoman era , Mwais was educated at a high school in Acre and the Scottish School in Nazareth .
In 1956 he became a member of Rameh 's local council , and in 1959 became head of the council .
He also served as chairman of the National Committee for Arab Local Governments for a time .
In 1977 he was elected to the Knesset on the Hadash list , and was a member of the Economic Affairs Committee and the Internal Affairs and Environment Committee .
He died on 13 February 1981 , with his seat taken by Avraham Levenbraun .

Penstemon filiformis
Penstemon filiformis is an uncommon species of penstemon known by the common name threadleaf beardtongue .
It is endemic to the Klamath Mountains of northern California , where it grows in forest and woodland , often on serpentine soils .
It is a perennial herb growing up to half a meter tall , its stem hairy and woody toward the base .
The leaves are very narrow , linear and rolled to threadlike , reaching up to 7 centimeters long , those low on the plant sometimes borne in clusters .
The inflorescence produces hairless , tubular or funnel-shaped blue to purple flowers just over a centimeter in length .

Mwaiseni
Mwaiseni ( Bemba language : " welcome " ) is a mining company in the east African nation of Tanzania ; it specializes in the mining of gemstones .
Mwaiseni Stores Ltd. was a Zambian business .
Henry Susman was the Managing Director .

Seabo Gabanakgosi
Seabo Gabanakgosi ( born 19 June 1979 ) is a Botswanan footballer who plays as a midfielder .
He played for the Botswana national football team between 1998 and 2006 .

Aleksandar Rakodczay
Aleksandar Rakodczay ( 25 September 1848 – 10 April 1924 ) was a Croatian politician who served as Ban of Croatia - Slavonia between 1907 and 1908 .

Messy Marv discography
This is the discography of American rapper Messy Marv .

Tatjana Sais
Tatjana Sais ( 28 January 1910 – 26 February 1981 ) was a German film actress .
She appeared in 20 films between 1937 and 1967 .
She was a member of the jury at the 1st Berlin International Film Festival .

Vila Olímpia
The Vila Olímpia " ( in English Olympia Village ) " is an upper-class neighborhood in the city of Sao Paulo , capital of the state of Sao Paulo , in the district of Itaim Bibi .
Vila Olímpia is home to the Brazilian offices of several multinational companies including Unilever , Google , Yahoo !
, CNET , Intel , Symantec , Microsoft , among many others .
The region is also well known for its nightlife district with several bars and nightclubs .
Another highlight of the neighborhood is Daslu , a megastore aimed at the luxury market .
It is the largest enterprise of its kind in Latin America and one of the largest in the world .
Vila Olímpia also contains the E-Tower , the 5th highest skyskraper in the city and the 12th highest in Brazil .

Listen to Cliff !
Listen to Cliff !
is the fourth album by singer Cliff Richard .
It was released in April 1961 and reached No. 2 in the UK album chart , charting for 26 consecutive weeks and re-entering twice .
No singles were to be officially released from the album .
None of the 1961 single releases are available on this album .
The album mainly features covers of musicals and popular 30 's and 40 's songs .
" Blue Moon " was issued as an export single .
Tony Meehan was used as a session drummer with the NP orchestra .
This album was then re - marketed on the EP format into 2 EPs :

Ludwig Trautmann
Ludwig Trautmann ( 22 November 1885 – 24 January 1957 ) was a German film actor .
He appeared in 68 films between 1912 and 1953 .
He was a member of the jury at the 1st Berlin International Film Festival .

Brice House
Brice House may refer to :

Ditaola Ditaola
Ditaola Ditaola ( born 23 August 1978 ) is a Botswana footballer who plays as a striker for Police XI .
He played for the Botswana national football team between 1998 and 2002 .

Pharala
Pharala is a village in the tehsil of Nawanshahr , Nawanshahr district ( also known as Shahid Bhagat Singh Nagar ) , in Punjab , India .
Demographics .
According to the 2001 Census , Pharala has a population of 3,496 people .
Neighbouring villages include Bharoli , Sandhwan , Anokharwal , Behram , Munna and Ghumana .
The most popular last names in Pharala are Atwal and Sangar ( Kaushal ) .
Other last names in the village are Sahota , Bal , Gill , Pannu , Mattu , Chumber , Uppal , Sandhu , Bansal , Bagga , Maan , Nijjar , Bali , Awasthi , Shreedhar , Talwar , Abrol and Bhagirath History .
According to local tradition , Pharala was founded by Baba Hadal Atwal .
Baba Hadal was married to a woman from Sandhwan .
Since then the village has been known as " Sandhwan-Pharala " .
Villagers believe that Baba Hadal had three brothers .
One moved and founded Chitti Pind ( Jalandhar district ) , one moved and founded Khurad Pur ( Jalandhar district ) and the third moved and founded a village in Gurdaspur district known as “ Atwal ” .
Atwal families in Bir Puadh ( Kapurthala district ) hail from Pharala .
Around Pharala .
Pharala has a historic Gurudwara known as Gurudwara Guru Har Rai Sahib Ji , who visited this place during the Mughal era on the course of his journey to Sri Anandpur Sahib .
The village also has a government senior secondary school , the Shiv Mandir , Gurdwara Lasurha Sahib , Dera Dudha-Dhari , the shrine of Bhajan Dass Ji , Masjid , Gurdwara Guru Ravidas Ji and Balmik Mandir and a sports stadium .

Reverse salient
The reverse salient is a backward bulge in the advancing line of a military front .
The term has been commonly used to analyze military campaigns in the First World War , such as in the Battle of Verdun , where opposing military forces created uneven sections in respective battle lines .
The significance of the reverse salient is the idea that in its presence , the forward progress of a military front is slowed down or halted .
This is because opposing forces threaten to break through the military line along this weak , bowed back section , subsequently requiring effort in bringing the reverse salient section forward , in line with the rest of the military front .
In his , " Networks of power : Electrification in western society , 1880-1930 " , Thomas P. Hughes introduces the concept in the analysis of technological systems , whereby the reverse salient refers to a component of the system that , due to its insufficient development , prevents the technological system in its entirety achieving its targeted development .
Technological systems and their evolution .
Technological systems may refer to a hierarchically nested structure of technological parts , whereby the system is seen as a composition of interdependent sub-systems that are themselves systems comprising further sub - systems .
In this manner , the holistic system as well as its properties is seen to be synthesized through the sub-systems that constitute it .
Technological systems may also be seen as socio - technical systems that contain , in addition to technical sub - systems , social sub - systems , such as the creators and users of technology , as well as overseeing regulatory bodies .
In both perspectives , technological systems are seen to be goal - seeking , therefore evolving towards objectives .
Hughes proposes that technological systems pass through certain phases during the system ’s evolution .
The first of these phases sees the invention and development of the system , owed greatly to the efforts of inventors and entrepreneurs , such as Thomas Edison in the development of the electric technological system .
The second stage is the era of technological transfer from one region or society to others , for example , the dissemination of Edison ’s electric system from New York City to other cities such as London and Berlin .
The third phase of systemic evolution is marked by a period of system growth and expansion when the technological system strives to improve its performance , for instance with respect to economic outcomes or output efficiency .
In this phase , the system is dependent on the satisfactory evolution of all its components ’ performances .
The development of the technological systems is therefore reliant on the reciprocated and interdependent cause and effect processes amongst social and technical components , and may be described as co-evolutionary , where the balanced co-evolution of system components carries significance in establishing desired system progress .
Subsequently , a sub - system which evolves at a sufficient pace contribute positively to the collective development , while a sub - system which does not develop sufficiently prevents the technology system achieving its targeted development .
Hughes names these problematic sub-systems reverse salients .
Reverse salients in technological system evolution .
A reverse salient is the inverse of a salient that depicts the forward protrusion along an object ’s profile or a line of battle .
Hence , reverse salients are the backward projections along similar , continuous lines .
The reverse salient subsequently refers to the sub - system that has strayed behind the advancing performance frontier of the system due to its lack of sufficient performance .
In turn , the reverse salient hampers the progress or prevents the fulfillment of potential development of the collective system .
In line with the socio - technical standpoint , reverse salients can be technical elements such as motors and capacitors of an electric system , or social elements such as organizations or productive units .
Because reverse salients limit system development , the further development of the system lies in the correction of the reverse salient , where correction is attained through incremental or radical innovations .
The reverse salient denotes a focusing device , in the words of Nathan Rosenberg , for technological system stakeholders , which strive to remove it through innovation .
It is possible that the reverse salient is not able to be corrected within the bounds of the existing technological system through incremental innovations .
Consequently , radical innovations may be needed to correct the reverse salient .
However , radical innovations can lead to the creation of new and different technological systems , as witnessed in the emergence of the alternating current system that overcame the problem of low cost electricity distribution , which the direct current system could not .
Hence , the reverse salient is a useful concept for analyzing technological system evolution , because often the analysis of technological systems centers on the factors that limit system development .
More than technical components , these factors may also be social components .
Subsequently , reverse salients may be more applicable in certain contexts to denote system performance hindrance than similar or overlapping concepts such as bottleneck and technological imbalance or disequilibrium .
The reverse salient refers to an " extremely complex situation in which individuals , groups , material forces , historical influences , and other factors have idiosyncratic , causal forces , and in which accidents as well as trends play a part .
On the contrary , the disequilibrium concept suggests a relatively straightforward abstraction of physical science " .
Additionally , while the reverse salient and bottleneck concepts share similarities and have been used interchangeably in particular contexts , the reverse salient often refers to the sub - system that not only curbs the performance or output of the collective system but also requires correction because of its limiting affect .
This is not necessarily the case with bottlenecks , which are " geometrically too symmetrical " and therefore do not represent the complexity of system evolution .
For instance , a particular system ’s output performance may be compromised due to a bottleneck sub - system but the bottleneck will not require improvement if the system ’s present output performance is satisfactory .
If , on the other hand , a higher level of performance would be required of the same system , the bottleneck may emerge as a reverse salient that holds the system back from attaining that higher output performance .
Reverse salient examples .
While numerous studies illustrate technological systems that have been hampered by reverse salients , the most seminal work in this field of study is that of Hughes , who gives a historical account of the development of Edison ’s direct-current electric system .
In order to supply electricity within a defined region of distribution , sub-systems such as the direct current generator were identified as reverse salients and corrected .
The most notable limitation of the direct-current system was , however , its low voltage transmission distance , and the resulting cost of distributing electricity beyond a certain range .
To reduce costs , Edison introduced a three - wire system to replace the previously installed two - wire alternative and trialed different configuration of generators , as well as the usage of storage batteries .
These improvements however did not correct the reverse salient completely .
The satisfactory resolution of the problem was eventually provided by the radical innovation of the alternating current system .
Since Hughes ' seminal work , other authors have also provided examples of reverse salients in different technological systems .
In the ballistic missile technological development , where the systemic objective has been to increase missile accuracy , MacKenzie has identified the gyroscope sub - system as a technical reverse salient .
Takeishi and Lee have argued that music copyright managing institutions have acted as a social reverse salient in the evolution of the mobile music technology system in Japan and Korea , where the objective was to proliferate mobile music throughout the end-user market .
And further , Mulder and Knot , see the development of the PVC ( polyvinyl chloride ) plastic technology system to have been sequentially hampered by several states of reverse salience , including : difficulty to process PVC material , quality of manufactured products , health concerns for individuals exposed to effluent from PVC manufacturing facilities , and finally the carcinogenic nature of vinyl chloride .
Analytical measure of reverse salience .
The magnitude of reverse salience emerges as an informative parameter in technological systems analysis as it signifies not only the technological disparity between sub-systems but also the entire system ’s limited level of performance .
Notwithstanding its importance , the literature studying technological system evolution has remained limited in terms of analytical tools that measure the state of reverse salience .
Dedehayir and Mäkinen have subsequently proposed an absolute " " measure of reverse salience magnitude .
This measure evaluates the technological performance differential between the salient sub - system ( i.e. the advanced sub - system ) and the reverse salient sub - system at a particular point in time .
In turn , by evaluating a series of performance differentials over time , the performance gap measure helps reflect the dynamics of change in the evolving technological system through changing reverse salience magnitude .

Jerry and Tom
Jerry and Tom is a 1998 American black comedy film directed by Saul Rubinek in his directorial debut .
The screenplay was adapted by Rick Cleveland from his own 1994 one-act play .
The film stars Joe Mantegna and Sam Rockwell as contract killers who work at a used car dealership .
The film premiered at Sundance in January 1998 , and , after Miramax declined to release it theatrically , aired on Showtime .
Plot .
Hit men Tom and Jerry wait in a Chicago bar for the go-ahead to kill Stanley .
Anxious to get the hit done , Jerry suggests they perform the hit immediately ; Tom refuses , and Stanley entertains them with jokes .
As the phone rings , the film shifts to a flashback set ten years earlier , in 1984 .
Jerry , a youth employed at Billy 's used car dealership , joins Tom as he walks with Karl .
Karl describes how a local gangster bit off the nose of Karl 's nephew .
Disturbed by the audaciousness and brutality of the attack , Tom promises to look into the issue .
However , Karl becomes spooked when they enter Tom 's car , and Karl begins bargaining with Tom , to Jerry 's confusion .
Tom agrees that the two are friends with a long history but strangles Karl after an apology .
Jerry throws up but insists that he is otherwise fine .
Tom 's next hit involves a trip out of state .
Jerry tags along , and when he becomes surly , Tom allows him to accompany him to the site of the hit itself , a cinema .
There , they meet an unnamed man who becomes annoyed with their loud conversation in which Jerry describes a domestic dispute with his girlfriend , Deb .
The man in the cinema tells them the story about how he and his fiancée , Vicki , the star of the low budget action film he is watching , angered the mob .
After hit men assassinate Vicki via a weapons mishap on the set , he goes into hiding and loses his will to live .
Moved by the story , Jerry decides to marry his girlfriend , and the two hit men rise to leave .
Jerry is surprised when Tom slits the throat of the man , and Tom admonishes him to not get so emotionally involved in the stories of their victims .
On Jerry 's first kill , the two track their victim to a Chinese restaurant .
Nervous , Jerry becomes paranoid and makes a spectacle of himself in front of the victim .
To calm him , Tom describes Ronald Reagan 's final acting performance , a cold-blooded hit man in " The Killers " .
Enthused by the thought of following in Reagan 's footsteps , Jerry is able to relax and make his first kill .
Later , as the two wait for their next hit , Tom tells Jerry about their co-worker , Vic , who is rumored to have had an affair with Marilyn Monroe and assassinated John F. Kennedy .
When the target arrives , Jerry asks to make the hit himself , and Tom impatiently watches as Jerry awkwardly attempts to make a clean kill .
After Jerry simply pulls out the pistol and shoots the man head - on , they leave .
Tom and Jerry join Vic for a meal , which Vic has prepared himself .
During the conversation , Vic reveals that he intends to publish his memoirs .
After Vic describes a feature film adaptation and talk show appearances that he has planned , the trio argue over the appropriateness of such actions and who should play each of them in a film .
Tom suggests Don Knotts for Jerry , who becomes offended that the others do not take him seriously .
Jerry pulls out a syringe and explains that he is diabetic , only to suddenly stab Vic with it .
Surprised and angered , Tom castigates Jerry for killing Vic in such an undignified manner , as they had previously planned to take Vic out back and shoot him after he finished with his dinner , a death that Tom considered more proper for an assassin of Vic 's stature .
In their final hit , Jerry panics and accidentally murders an innocent bystander .
He then tells a disturbed Tom of how he occasionally fantasizes about killing his family , eventually admitting that he has pointed a loaded weapon at his infant son 's head .
In the present , the phone rings , and Tom reluctantly answers it ; he is given the go-ahead and kills Jerry .
After Tom unties Stanley , Stanley reveals that he has been tasked with killing Tom .
The film ends as Tom offers to tell a joke to Stanley .
Production .
Director Rubinek described the film as influenced by Harold Pinter .
He stated that he wanted to avoid showing gratuitous violence onscreen in order to comment on its use in other films .
Release .
The film premiered at the 1998 Sundance Film Festival , where it was sold to Miramax .
When the film did not test well enough with audiences , Miramax declined to distribute the film theatrically .
The US cable television channel Showtime picked it up and aired it in November 1999 .
It was released in the US on home video in August 2000 .
Reception .
Rotten Tomatoes , a review aggregator , reports that 75 % of eight surveyed critics gave the film a positive review ; the average rating was 8.5/10 .
Todd McCarthy of " Variety " called it " very well acted and beautifully directed " .
Nathan Rabin of " The A. V. Club " called it a superior Quentin Tarantino knockoff that " is still just another knockoff " .

Hotel de Inmigrantes
Hotel de Inmigrantes ( Immigrants ’ Hotel ) is a complex of buildings constructed between 1906 and 1911 , in the port of Buenos Aires , Argentina , to receive and assist the many thousands of immigrants who were arriving in Argentina from many parts of the world .
The hotel ceased to function in 1953 , was declared a National Monument in 1995 and today houses the " National Museum of Immigration " and the " Tres de Febrero National University Museum " ( MUNTREF ) aka " Contemporary Art Centre " .
Complex .
The buildings are next to Darsena Norte ( Northern Dock ) in Puerto Madero .
They provided disembarkation services , medical attention , accommodation and help with finding employment for newly arrived immigrants .
Accommodation was provided free of charge until an immigrant had found employment .
In the meantime , help and advice were provided to assist the immigrant in finding employment and with onward travel to the place of work .
Construction began in 1906 by the Udina and Mosca Company under the control of the Ministry of Public Works .
Work proceeded according to the order in which the facilities were needed with the disembarkation hall first , followed by the employment office , the administration , the hospital and finally the accommodation facilities .
While the work was in progress the immigrants continued to use the old facilities nearby known as " La Rotonda de Retiro " on a site currently occupied by Retiro railway station .
Disembarkation Hall .
The process of disembarkation began with a team of immigration officials boarding the newly arrived ship to check the documents of the immigrants before they were allowed to disembark .
Medical checks were also carried out on board by a doctor .
Immigrants with contagious diseases or mental health problems or who were invalids or were over 60 years of age were not allowed to enter the country .
The inspection of luggage took place in one of the disembarkation sheds set aside for this purpose .
Employment Office .
The task of this office was to find work for the immigrants and to arrange transport to their new place of work .
The office gradually extended its functions and from 1913 organised the exhibition of farm machinery and the instruction of male immigrants in its use .
Interpreters were provided , talks were laid on to explain aspects of life in Argentina and identity cards were prepared .
This building proved the entrance to the complex and it was from here that both the administration of the complex and the planning and management of immigration in the entire country were carried out .
There was a branch of the National Bank of Argentina on the ground floor to assist immigrants in the changing of money .
Hospital .
Equipped with the most advanced medical equipment of the day , the hospital attended to the thousands who arrived with diseases connected with the effects of the long sea voyage , the poor food on board and poverty .
Accommodation .
Situated parallel to the river , the accommodation building has a length of 100 m and a width of 26 m , and was built using reinforced concrete , one of the earliest examples of this type of construction in Argentina .
The building has four floors and there were four dormitories per floor , each with a capacity of 250 people , giving the hotel a total capacity of 4000 people .
The immigrants were woken very early by wardens .
Breakfast consisted of coffee , yerba mate and bread baked in the hotel 's ovens .
During the morning the woman occupied themselves with domestic tasks such as the washing of cloths in the laundry or the care of children , while the men were in the employment office trying to find a job .
There were sittings for lunch with up to 1000 people per sitting .
At the sound of a bell the immigrants gathered at the entrance to the ground floor dining room where they collected their food from the cook and seated themselves at tables .
Lunch generally consisted of a large plate of soup followed by a meat stew , pasta or rice .
At 3pm the children were given afternoon tea ; from 6pm sittings for supper began and from 7pm the dormitories were opened .
When they first arrived , the immigrants were given a number with which they could enter and leave freely giving them the opportunity to get to know the city a little .
Lodging was provided free for five days but could be extended in case of illness or where employment had not been found .
Today .
The Hotel ceased to function in 1953 and was declared a National Historic Monument in 1995 .
Today it houses the " Museo Nacional de la Inmigración " ( in English : National Museum of Immigration ) , which offers the general public a permanent exhibition of photographs and exhibits relating to daily life in the hotel .
Access is provided to information held in a database for those wishing to trace the arrival of immigrants in Argentina .
There is a complex of buildings with the same name in the port of Bahía Blanca , which performed a similar function for immigrants arriving by ship to that city .

Charlie Biton
Charlie - Shalom Biton ( ; born 11 April 1947 ) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Hadash and the Black Panthers between 1977 and 1992 .
Biography .
Charlie Biton was born in Casablanca in Morocco .
His family immigrated to Israel in 1949 when he was two years old .
He grew up in Musrara neighbourhood of Jerusalem and attended an ORT vocational school .
In 1971 he was one of the founders of the Israeli Black Panthers movement , along with Sa'adia Marciano , Reuven Abargil and Eli Avichzer .
In 1974 , he was sentenced to seven months in prison for assaulting a police officer .
He went into hiding to avoid his sentence , and was later pardoned .
Political career .
As the Black Panthers became aligned with Hadash , Biton was elected to the Knesset on the party 's list in 1977 .
He was re-elected in 1981 , 1984 and 1988 .
On 25 December 1990 , he left Hadash to establish his own faction .
The faction 's name was not initially approved by the House Committee , but on 1 January 1991 it was named Black Panthers .
In the 1992 Knesset elections he headed a list named Hatikva , but it won only 2,053 votes ( 0.1 % ) , well below the 1.5 % electoral threshold , and Biton lost his seat .
The list ran again in the 1999 elections , but again failed to cross the threshold .

Polyoxins
Polyoxins are a group of nucleoside antibiotics composed of heterocyclic moieties containing nitrogen .
An example is Polyoxin B. Polyoxins work by inhibiting the biosynthesis of chitin .

Penstemon floridus
Penstemon floridus is a species of penstemon known by the common name Panamint beardtongue .
It is native to the lower mountain and plateau areas of eastern California and western Nevada , where it grows in canyons , arroyos , and sagebrush scrub .
It is a perennial herb producing erect stems sometimes exceeding one meter tall .
The thick leaves are lance - shaped to oval , usually toothed and somewhat wavy , and arranged in pairs with bases clasping the stem .
The glandular inflorescence produces showy flowers up to 3 centimeters long and tubular in shape with a wide throat becoming narrowed at the lipped mouth .
The flowers are bright pink with darker lining inside .
There are two varieties of this species .
Austin 's beardtongue , var .
" austinii " , is named for Stafford Wallace Austin , collector of plants and husband of writer Mary Hunter Austin .

Reuben Mosweu
Reuben Mosweu is a Botswanan former footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
He played one match for the Botswana national football team in 1999 .

Enemy of the State ( album )
Enemy of the State is the 6th studio album by American rapper C-Bo , released July 11 , 2000 on C-Bo 's own label West Coast Mafia Records and Warlock Records .
It peaked at number 24 on the " Billboard " Top R&B/Hip - Hop Albums and at number 91 on the " Billboard " 200 .
" Enemy of the State " was C-Bo 's first album on his new label , West Coast Mafia , after leaving AWOL Records , which he did after the release of " Til My Casket Drops " .
The album features guest performances by WC , Daz Dillinger , Killa Tay , Yukmouth , CJ Mac and Too Short .
Along with a single , a music video was produced for the song , " Get The Money " .

Portessie
Portessie ( ) is a small fishing village east of Buckie , on the north-east coast of Scotland .
It is commonly nicknamed " the Sloch " , due to the name of the original settlement being Rottenslough .
The village is sandwiched between Buckie and Findochty , two popular tourist spots .
Portessie is home to Portessie Primary School .
To the west is the March Road Industrial Estate , with a fish processing factory and the home of Cruickshanks , who make soft drinks .
Strathlene Golf Club is east of the village , and is split into two fields - containing 14 and 4 holes respectively .
The yearly Peter Fair , or Rathven Market can be attributed to Portessie but is more commonly linked to the community of Buckie as a whole .
To the south of the village is a small community called Rathven which is home to two graveyards .
There is a caravan park at Strathlene .

Werner Scholem
Werner Scholem ( born December 29 , 1895 in Berlin , d .
July 17 , 1940 , Buchenwald ) was a member of the German Reichstag in 1924-1928 and a leading member of the Communist Party of Germany .
Biography .
Scholem was the son of a print shop owner .
The historian of religion Gershom Scholem was his brother .
In their very youth Werner Scholem and his Brother Gerhard ( later Gershom ) were members of the Zionist youth - movement " Jung Juda " .
But shortly before the outbreak of World War I Werner Scholem joined the socialist working youth .
During the war both brothers had an intense debate about the conflicts and common grounds of Zionism and socialism .
From the age of 16 he was also involved in journalism .
In 1917 he joined the Independent Social Democratic Party ( USPD ) , and was temporarily detained for insulting the Emperor and anti-war activities .
From 1919 he earned his living in Halle ( Saale ) , as editor of the " Volksblatt " .
In 1920 he joined the Communist Party , in which he was a member of the left wing ; the following year he became one of the Party 's representatives to the Prussian Landtag .
That same year , Scholem was entrusted with editing the party newspaper " Die Rote Fahne " ( The Red Flag ) .
In subsequent years , Scholem worked in the party organisation , mostly for the Berlin branch .
In 1924 he became the leader of the national organization , and consequently a member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party .
From 1924 till 1928 he was a member of the German Reichstag .
He led the so-called Fischer - Maslow Group associated with the Comintern chairman Grigory Zinoviev , which formed the new " ultra-left " Communist Party leadership after the " right " wing of the party was removed in 1923 by the leaders of the time .
In August 1925 , the new party leadership was sidelined , Scholem was expelled from the party in November 1926 after having cosponsored the Declaration of the 700 against the oppression of the United Left Opposition in Soviet Union .
He subsequently joined the group of Left Communists in the Reichstag and founded with others a " Lenin Bund " in April 1928 .
This association grew to become one of the leading splinter Communist organizations in Germany .
However , Scholem left the Lenin Bund within the year , and remained unaffilliated while still sympathizing with Trotskyist positions and the Left Opposition ( LO ) .
He wrote frequently articles for their newspaper " Permanente Revolution " .
As a Jew and a Communist , Sholem was immediately arrested after the seizure of power by the Nazis in 1933 , held in " preventative custody " until he was deported to Buchenwald in 1938 .
He was part of a group of former Reichstag members held at Buchenwald , whose prominent status afforded them some degree of protection .
However , in 1940 , the SS singled out Scholem and another Jewish ex-Reichstag member , Ernst Heilmann , for execution ; Heilmann was killed by injection , and Scholem was shot by Hauptscharführer Blank .
Literature on Werner Scholem .
monographies : articles :

Bryce House
Bryce House or Bryce Building may refer to :

Montaña Suiza
Montaña Suiza ( " Swiss Mountain " ) is a steel side - friction scenic railway roller coaster located at Parque de atracciones Monte Igueldo on the coast at Donostia - San Sebastián , Spain .
It was designed and built by German engineer Erich Heidrich and opened at the site in 1928 .
The ride was built with wooden running rails which were in a trough , like usual scenic railways ; only the trough is partially set into the landscape and is concrete in construction .
The ride lacks the tradition supporting trestles of scenic railways ; the track running in depressions made into the ground and along the top of a coastal wall at one point .
The running rails have since been changed to steel .
The roller coaster operates with two trains , each of which are composed of two 2x5 person cars .
The cars are wooden in construction and ride on steel bogies ; like scenic railways at Margate , UK , Great Yarmouth , UK and Luna Park , Melbourne .
A brakeman still rides onboard each train to control its speed .

List of Silliman University people
Since 1901 , Silliman University has produced thousands of graduates from early childhood ( pre-elementary ) up to the undergraduate and graduate levels .
This is a list of notable people affiliated with the university , including current and former faculty members , alumni and people who have been conferred honorary degrees .
People affiliated with Silliman University are called Sillimanians .

Kabelo Kgosiang
Kabelo Kgosiang ( born 19 September 1978 ) is a Botswana footballer who plays as a midfielder for Prisons XI .
He played for the Botswana national football team between 1999 and 2004 .

Waterdown District High School
Waterdown District High School is located at 215 Parkside Drive , Waterdown Ontario , and is a member of the Hamilton - Wentworth District School Board .
Background .
The school opened in 1993 and has a 2009–10 enrollment of 1322 .
The school 's mission statement is " Educating students to become lifelong learners and contributing citizens in a challenging , changing , multi-cultural world .
" WDHS uses the Ontario Secondary School Literacy Test ( OSSLT ) to assess Grade 10 students ' skills in reading and writing .
Successful completion of the test is one of 32 requirements students need to attain in order to receive an Ontario Secondary School Diploma .
The school also offers special education classes as well as an ESL program .
Programs .
Waterdown District High School takes part in the following programs : Specialty Programs .
W. D. H. S. offers a variety of speciality programs for students with different interests .
Programs include : Clubs .
Waterdown District High School offers the following clubs :

2010 SEAT León Eurocup season
The 2010 SEAT León Eurocup season was the third season of the SEAT León Eurocup , a one - make racing series supporting the World Touring Car Championship .
Championship standings .
Half points were awarded for the second race at Brands Hatch as a result of an accident involving Francisco Carvalho on the seventh lap .

McKinney ( advertising agency )
McKinney is an advertising agency based in Durham , North Carolina led by chairman and CEO Brad Brinegar and Chief Creative Officer Jonathan Cude .
John Newall is president and Adam Levine is chief marketing officer .
Chief Digital Officer Jim Russell steers the McKinney Ten Percent , a program that encourages all McKinney employees to dedicate 10 percent of their time to innovation .
The year 2012 was a busy one for McKinney .
The agency had 13 Effie Awards finalists for seven clients in 12 categories and won five Effies , making McKinney the most effective independent advertising agency in the world according to the global results of the Effie Effectiveness Index .
The Travelocity Roaming Gnome came " home " to McKinney , as reported by The New York Times .
And Walt Barron returned as SVP/head of Account Planning in October after his brief stint as director of Account Planning for Peter Mayer in New Orleans .
Also in 2012 , McKinney was acquired by Cheil Worldwide , Korea 's largest and one of the world 's leading integrated marketing communications networks .
McKinney " will play a central role in the reinvention of Cheil 's network in the Americas and beyond .
" This started by expanding the agency 's East Coast footprint with an office in New York headed by Executive Creative Director Peter Nicholson , who was formerly the top creative at JWT , and Head of Strategic Services Yusuf Chuku , who joined McKinney from Cheil USA .
In 2013 , McKinney earned 11 Effie finalists and five Effie Awards , resulting in the following rankings by Effie Worldwide and WARC via the Effie Effectiveness Index : Campaigns .
The Art of the Heist Alternate Reality Game Where is my Gnome ?
SPENT ( online game ) History .
McKinney was founded in 1969 as McKinney & Silver by Charles " Chick " McKinney & Mike Silver and is now led by CEO Brad Brinegar .
In 2003 , McKinney became one of the first agencies to pioneer connection planning , which determines the most innovative and creative ways of bringing brands and people together in mutually beneficial ways .
In 2004 , McKinney moved from Raleigh to Durham and took over what is now of vintage factory space on the American Tobacco Campus .
Ten years later , Brad Brinegar was featured in the short documentary " Because No One Would , " which was produced by Goodtree & Company and Horizon Productions to celebrate the factory 's restoration anniversary .
In 2006 , McKinney combined its three strategic disciplines ( account planning , connection planning and interactive strategy ) into one strategic offering and named Andrew Delbridge , previously director of account planning , partner and chief strategy officer .
In 2008 , McKinney 's management acquired 100 % interest in the agency from Havas .
In April 2012 , McKinney participated in “ The Pitch , ” AMC Network ’s unscripted series that follows two ad agencies over seven days vying for the same piece of business .
In Episode 1 , McKinney was up against Los Angeles-based WDCW to create a campaign for SUBWAY restaurants .
SUBWAY ’s marketing team chose McKinney ’s “ Freestyle Breakfast ” campaign idea featuring Mac Lethal , whose YouTube video of a rap about pancakes has been viewed more than 32 million times .
In July 2012 , McKinney became part of Cheil Americas , " a regional network of agency partners then led by CEO Buz Sawyer .
" At the end of 2012 , the agency joined forces with Dognition , a venture aimed at strengthening relationships between dogs and their owners by better understanding how dogs think ( canine cognition or dognition ) .
" The agency 's contributions to Dognition include market research , marketing and brand development , and designing the look and feel and user experience of its website .
McKinney , which has an ownership stake in Dognition , also is housing the eight - employee company at its offices at the American Tobacco Campus in downtown Durham .
" In January 2013 McKinney opened an office in New York .
McKinney was named one of 10 agencies to watch by Ad Age in January 2015 .
As of March 2015 , McKinney 's clients include Sherwin - Williams , Nationwide Insurance , Nationwide Financial , Sennheiser , CarMax , Crocs , Travelocity , Samsung , Mentos , World of Coca - Cola , ESPN SEC Network , Dognition , Big Boss Brewing and Urban Ministries of Durham .

Italian regional elections , 2010
A large round of regional elections in Italy took place on 28–29 March in 13 regions out of 20 , including nine of the ten largest ones : Lombardy , Campania , Veneto , Lazio , Piedmont , Emilia - Romagna , Apulia , Tuscany and Calabria .
Overview .
The elections turned out to be a competition between two rival coalitions built around the two major parties : The People of Freedom ( PdL ) of Silvio Berlusconi and the Democratic Party ( PD ) led by Pier Luigi Bersani .
The third largest party in Italy , Lega Nord ( whose main regional sections , Liga Veneta , Lega Lombarda and Lega Piemont playing a large role in Veneto , Lombardy and Piedmont , respectively ) supported joint candidates with the PdL in Northern and Central Italy .
The centre-right went to win the elections by gaining four more regions than in 2005 : Campania , Lazio , Piedmont and Calabria .
The centre-left coalition won seven regions out of 13 .
Lega Nord played a major role in the North , where it was the second-largest party and the largest in Veneto .
The party led by Umberto Bossi managed to have two of its leading members elected at the head of a region : in Piedmont and in Veneto .
Beppe Grillo 's Five Star Movement , a protest party popular , had a strong showing in Emilia - Romagna .

Zhang Shuo
Zhang Shuo may refer to :

Decalogue II
The Decalogue - Two ( Polish : Dekalog , dwa ) is the second part of a television series " The Decalogue " by Polish director Krzysztof Kieślowski .
" Dorota Geller , a married woman , faces a dilemma involving her sick husband 's prognosis .
Her husband 's doctor , who believes in God , sweared about it in vain .
Plot .
The episode focuses on two people : an elderly doctor ( Aleksander Bardini ) , who lives alone in the ubiquitous Dekalog apartment block and works in a local hospital ; and Dorota Geller ( Krystyna Janda ) , a violinist with the Philharmonic Orchestra , who is in her 30s and lives in the same building .
The doctor lost his family during the war and has remained a bachelor ever since .
He spends his free time raising plants and birds in his house and telling drops of his life story to his cleaning lady , Barbara .
The doctor meets Dorota coming out of the lift one day , as she is smoking a cigarette by the window .
She apparently wants to talk to him , but is not courageous enough at first .
The doctor goes out to buy milk and runs across Dorota again , since she has not moved from the spot where they met earlier that morning .
She follows the doctor to his apartment and stops by the door , where the doctor hears her and opens the door .
She asks him if he remembers her - he does , because she in fact ran over the doctor 's dog with her car two years ago .
After this unpleasant beginning of conversation , Dorota reveals what she urgently wants a prognosis of her husband 's condition , who is seriously ill and lies in the hospital .
The doctor is reluctant to do so , saying that Dorota has to come to the hospital during visiting hours , and closes his door .
He then takes pity on her and asks her to come to the hospital later that day .
He asks for Andrzej Geller 's file .
Later that day Dorota comes in and the doctor tells her that Andrzej is very ill and that things are not looking good , but he also says that in his experience patients with even less chances than him have recovered , so his prognosis is very reserved .
Dorota does not give up and visits the doctor at his apartment again .
She reveals important information : she is pregnant but not by her husband , and this could be her last chance to get pregnant .
She wants to know if Andrzej will live .
She has decided that if he dies , she will carry to term - if he survives , she will abort .
The doctor suddenly finds himself in a situation to decide on the life of others .
He takes a keen interest in Andrzej 's case and conducts many studies .
Dorota is having a lot of problems of her own .
She goes to the gynecologist and schedules an abortion anyway .
She also meets with an acquaintance of her lover 's , also a musician who is on tour .
She receives a passport from her lover and a request to bring some scores along when she joins him abroad .
She also angrily confronts an alpinist friend of her husband 's who has brought his mountaineering gear to her , telling him that Andrzej is still alive and that his gear belongs in the Mountaineering Club .
The team will be leaving for India , probably to climb Mount Everest .
In an ambiguous scene in a laboratory , the doctor seems to come to the conclusion that Andrzej 's disease is progressing ( although the scene seems to suggest that Andrzej could be recovering ) .
Dorota tells him that he does not escape liability by his reserved prognosis and that she is going to have an abortion the following day .
He tells her to not go ahead with the abortion because Andrzej is dying .
She has him swear by his prognosis , which he does .
In a typically " " Kieślowskiesque " scene , Andrzej opens his eyes and sees a bee miraculously swimming out of a glass with strawberries that Dorota had brought to him .
Andrzej stands up and goes to the doctor 's office .
The doctor says that he is surprised ( although he does n't look it ) that he recovered .
Andrzej says that he came back from " beyond " " and is happy to have a baby with Dorota .
He asks the doctor if he understands what it means to have a child , to which the doctor ( evidently getting emotional ) replies , ' I do ' .
Adaptations .
In 2009 a Bengali film Dwando , directed by Suman Ghosh was based on this film where Ananya Chatterjee played the role of Dorota , Kaushik Sen played the role of Andrzej and Soumitra Chatterjee played the role of the doctor

Oneeleng Radikara
Oneeleng Radikara is a Botswanan former footballer .
A defender , he won one cap for the Botswana national football team , entering in the 60th minute of a 2-1 loss to South Africa at the COSAFA Cup on 20 February 1999 .

Michael E. McCormick
Michael E. McCormick is Corbin A. McNeill Professor Emeirtus of the Department of Naval Architecture and Ocean Engineering at the U .
S. Naval Academy .
He is one of the pioneers of modern wave energy research .
He began his career in 1958 as a hydrodynamicist at the U .
S. Navy 's David Taylor Model Basin .
His early work there was in the area of hydroelasticity , working with Dr. David A. Jewell .
Later , in 1964 his work was in the area of boundary - layer induced vibrations , working with Dr. Mark Harrison and Dr. Gabriel Boehler .
In 1961 , he left DTMB and joined the mechanical engineering faculty at Swarthmore College with a one-year appointment .
He returned to Swarthmore in 1976 as Visiting Scholar in Engineering .
His teaching and research continued at the Catholic University of America , Trinity College ( Hartford ) , the U .
S. Naval Academy and Johns Hopkins University .
He was at the Naval Academy for 27 years , and at Johns Hopkins as a research professor of civil engineering for 10 years .

Penstemon fruticiformis
Penstemon fruticiformis is a species of penstemon known by the common name Death Valley beardtongue .
It is native to the deserts and nearby mountains of eastern California and western Nevada , where it grows in rocky scrub and woodland habitat .
It is known from scattered occurrences around Death Valley , and only one of the two varieties occurs on the Nevada side of the border .
It is a perennial herb producing spreading , multibranched , hairless and waxy stems 30 to 60 centimeters tall .
The thick leaves are generally lance - shaped , folded and rolled , and up to 6.5 centimeters in length .
The inflorescence produces several white or pale pinkish - lavender flowers between 2 and 3 centimeters long .
The mouth of the flower bears a stark , dark line on each of its three lower lobes , nectar guides for its pollinators which probably include native bumble bees .

Derovo
Derovo - Derivados de ovos , S. A. is a Portugal-based company headquartered in Pombal and founded in 1994 , specialized in the production of pasteurized egg products , in the production of boiled eggs , in the production of Fullprotein ( protein drink - world 's first egg - white - based drink ) , and develops egg-based products to the needs of its customers , targeted at various markets such as food industries , pastries , bakeries and confectionery .
It has the Certification and Quality Control ; and HACCP – Food Safety .
Derovo is currently present in Portugal , Spain , France and Angola .
Among its awards are Egg Products Company of the Year Award by the IEC - International Egg Commission ( 2002 ) ; Medalha de Mérito Industrial by the Câmara Municipal de Pombal ( 2002 ) ; Prémio Internacionalização by Gesventure ( 2004 ) ; Certificate of Fullprotein as Selected Trends & Innovations in the Sial – Global Food Marketplace ( 2006 ) ; Toféu Afonso Lopes Vieira as the best Company by the Local Newspaper Região de Leiria ( 2007 ) .

Koloman Bedeković
Koloman Bedeković ( ; 13 October 1818 – 10 August 1889 ) was a Croatian politician , who served as Minister without portfolio of Croatian Affairs twice : between 1868–1871 and between 1876–1889 .
He had significant role in the creation of Croatian - Hungarian Agreement .
In 1871 he was appointed Ban of Croatia - Slavonia .
Bedeković was the leader of the Croatian Unionist Party and fought against his country 's independence .
As ban he called parliamentary elections in 1871 .
The People 's Party emerged victorious , causing Bedeković to prorogue the Croatian Parliament three times to prevent it from taking power .
Dissatisfaction with the obstruction of parliament led to the Rakovica Revolt .
Early elections were subsequently called for 1872 .
The failure of Bedeković to convene the previous parliament resulted in him being removed from the post of ban and replaced with the first non - noble ban , Ivan Mažuranić .

Shimane Kgope Ntshweu
Shimane Kgope Ntshweu ( born 8 May 1981 ) is a Botswana footballer who plays as a midfielder for Mogoditshane Fighters .
He played for the Botswana national football team between 1999 and 2002 .

Louis Setshwane
Louis Setshwane is a Botswanan former footballer who played as a midfielder .
He won one cap for the Botswana national football team in 1999 .

Zhang Yue
Zhang Yue may refer to :

The Master and His Emissary
The Master and His Emissary : The Divided Brain and the Making of the Western World is a 2009 book written by Iain McGilchrist that deals with the specialist hemispheric functioning of the brain .
The differing world views of the right and left brain ( the " Master " and " emissary " in the title , respectively ) have , according to the author , shaped Western culture since the time of the ancient Greek philosopher Plato , and the growing conflict between these views has implications for the way the modern world is changing .
In part , McGilchrist 's book , which is the product of twenty years of research , reviews the evidence of previous related research and theories , and based on this and cultural evidence , the author arrives at his own conclusions .
" The Master and His Emissary " received mostly favourable reviews upon its publication .
Critics praised the book as being a landmark publication that could alter readers ' perspective of how they viewed the world ; A. C. Grayling , however , commented about the book that " the findings of brain science are nowhere near fine-grained enough yet to support the large psychological and cultural conclusions Iain McGilchrist draws " .
" The Master and His Emissary " was shortlisted for the 2010 Bristol Festival of Ideas Book Prize , and was longlisted for the Royal Society 2010 Prize for Science Books .
Background and influences .
In an interview with " Frontier Psychiatrist " , McGilchrist cites two main influences on his work : the psychiatrist John Cutting , and the Chicago psychologist David McNeill .
McGilchrist states : " What I began to see – and it was John Cutting 's work on the right hemisphere that set me thinking – was that the difference lay not in what they [ the two hemispheres ] do , but how they do it .
" In the same interview , the author explains : " Some very subtle research by David McNeill , amongst others , confirms that thought originates in the right hemisphere , is processed for expression in speech by the left hemisphere , and the meaning integrated again by the right ( which alone understands the overall meaning of a complex utterance , taking everything into account ) .
" Synopsis .
The 608 - page book is divided into an introduction , two parts and a conclusion .
In the introduction , McGilchrist states that " there is , literally , a world of difference between the [ brain ] hemispheres .
Understanding quite what that is has involved a journey through many apparently unrelated areas : not just neurology and psychology , but philosophy , literature and the arts , and even , to some extent , archaeology and anthropology .
" Part One : The Divided Brain .
In " The Divided Brain " , McGilchrist digests study after study , replacing the popular and superficial notion of the hemispheres as respectively logical and creative in nature with the idea that they pay attention in fundamentally different ways , the left being detail - oriented , the right being whole - oriented .
These two modes of perception cascade into wildly different hemispheric personalities , and in fact reflect yet a further asymmetry in their status , that of the right 's more immediate relationship with physical bodies ( our own as well as others ) and external reality as represented by the senses , a relationship that makes it the mediator , the first and last stop , of all experience .
Part Two : How the Brain Has Shaped Our World .
In the second part , " How the Brain Has Shaped Our World " , the author describes the evolution of Western culture , as influenced by hemispheric brain functioning , from the ancient world , through the Renaissance and Reformation ; the Enlightenment ; Romanticism and Industrial Revolution ; to the modern and postmodern worlds which , to our detriment , are becoming increasingly dominated by the left brain .
Reception .
The book received mixed reviews in various newspapers and journals .
Reviewing " The Master and His Emissary " in the " American Journal of Psychiatry " , Jacob Freedman wrote the book “ valiantly addresses the effect hemispheric asymmetry has had on Western civilization " and that it chronicled " how the left brain 's determined reductionism and the right brain 's insightful and holistic approach have shaped music , language , politics , and art .
" A review by Bryan Appleyard in " Times Online " described the book as suggesting " we are thinking more and more like machines , and risk losing what makes us human " , while David Cox in the " Evening Standard " wrote that the author " shows convincingly that the degeneracy of the West springs from our failure to manage the binary division of our brains .
" In a positive review in " The Guardian " , philosopher Mary Midgley wrote that the book “ points out the complexity , the divided nature of thought itself and asks about its connection with the structure of the brain " , and that " though neurologists may well not welcome it because it asks them new questions , the rest of us will surely find it splendidly thought - provoking " .
In another positive review in " Standpoint " magazine , Professor Adam Zeman wrote that McGilcrist " extends [ the ] received wisdom with a hugely ambitious , absorbing and questionable thesis : the two hemispheres have radically contrasting personalities ; that they live in a state of creative tension , sometimes declining into open war ; and that their struggle for supremacy provides the key to understanding the major cultural movements of human history .
In " The Times Literary Supplement " W. F. Bynum wrote : " McGilchrist 's careful analysis of how brains work is a veritable tour de force , gradually and skilfully revealed .
I know of no better exposition of the current state of functional brain neuroscience .
" In a mixed review in " Literary Review " A. C. Grayling wrote that the book was " beautifully written , erudite , fascinating and adventurous ” but added , " the findings of brain science are nowhere near fine-grained enough yet to support the large psychological and cultural conclusions Iain McGilchrist draws " .
A negative review in " The Economist " stated that the book resorted to “ generalisations of breathtaking sweep " and that the second part of the book " has plainly become untethered from its moorings in brain science " .
Owen Flanagan alleged many shortcomings of the book and delivered a dismissive statement : ' The fact is , hemispheric differences are not well understood .
Neither are patterns over 2500 years of western history .
Trying to explain the ill - understood latter with a caricature of the former does little to illuminate either ' .
Further study .
Lectures .
Parts of this lecture were republished by the RSA in October 2011 as one of a series of " RSA Animates " with cartoonist Andrew Park 's illustrations .
The twelve - minute animation accompanying McGilchrist 's talk took Park two months to complete .

First Presbyterian Church of Dailey Ridge
First Presbyterian Church of Dailey Ridge , also known as Reformed Presbyterian Church of the Town of Potsdam , is a historic Presbyterian church located at Potsdam in St. Lawrence County , New York .
It was built in 1853 and is a modest , two story wood frame building with a painted clapboard exterior and a simple , gable front , reactangular plan typical of mid 19th century rural churches .
Located adjacent is the church cemetery .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002 .

January 1946
The following events occurred in January 1946 :

Jennings Handicap top three finishers
This is a listing of the horses that finished in either first , second , or third place and the number of starters in the Jennings Handicap , an American stakes race for horses three years old and older at 1-1/8 miles ( 9 furlongs ) on the dirt held at Laurel Park Racecourse in Laurel , Maryland .
( List 1923–present ) A 1977 # designates that the race was run in two divisions in 1975 , 1977 .

2000 AFL Rising Star
The Ansett AFL Rising Star award is given annually to a stand out young player in the Australian Football League .
The 2000 medal was won by player Paul Hasleby .
Eligibility .
Every round , an Australian Football League rising star nomination is given to a stand out young player .
To be eligible for the award , a player must be under 21 on January 1 of that year , have played 10 or fewer senior games and not been suspended during the season .
At the end of the year , one of the 22 nominees is the winner of award .

Yoshio Masuda
Yoshio Masuda ( died 2009 ) was a former Japanese naval commander , regarded as the father of modern wave power technology .
Among other devices , the now used principle of Oscillating Water Column is regarded as his invention .
It was initially used for small-scale navigation buoys .

Northampton General Hospital
Northampton General Hospital is a NHS Trust hospital in Northampton , Northamptonshire , England .
The hospital was founded in 1744 and moved to its present site in 1793 , and has continued to provide healthcare to the local community for more than 200 years .
The hospital covers South Northamptonshire ( Northampton , Brackley , Daventry and other towns and villages in the area ) the hospital also provides specialist cancer services to people living in Northamptonshire , North Buckinghamshire and South Leicestershire .
The hospital has 14 operating areas , which includes six ‘main ’ theatres and four trauma and orthopaedic theatres .
Anaesthetic support is provided in many other areas including intensive care .
Two series of BBC Three 's " Bizarre ER " were filmed at the hospital .
In October 2012 , the Macmillan Haematology Unit , a multimillion-pound cancer facility , was opened by the Countess of Halifax , President of Macmillan Cancer Support .
Northampton General Hospital NHS Trust .
Dr Sonia Swart was appointed chief executive of Northampton General Hospital NHS Trust in September 2013 , having formerly been the trust 's medical director since 2007 .
In October 2013 as a result of the Keogh Review the Trust was put into the highest risk category by the Care Quality Commission .
On 27 March 2014 the Care Quality Commission published its report following an inspection of the trust .
As well as identifying areas for improvement there were a number of positive findings .
The trust was judged as good across all services for ‘caring ’ and inspectors found that , in the main , the safety and effectiveness of services had been maintained , despite the overriding urgent care pressures .
In August 2014 the trust reported that good progress had been made against the agreed action plan .

2009 flu pandemic table December 2009
This is a table containing the figures from the ECDC Influenza A Situation Updates issued in December 2009 roughly three times a week .
From 30 September , ECDC only published deaths totals , and so the world cases table has not been maintained .
The table can be sorted by country , date of first confirmed case or date of first confirmed case by continent .
This presentation of the data in this and other tables may show the progression , peaks , and , eventually , decline of the epidemic in each country and continent .
Summary tables | Previous month | Next month

2010 Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 season
The 2010 Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 season was the 20th Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 season .
It began on 17 April at Motorland Aragon and ended on 10 October at Circuit de Catalunya after eight rounds and sixteen races .
The series had a new look for 2010 , with the introduction of the Barazi - Epsilon chassis to replace the original Tatuus chassis which had been the mainstay of Formula Renault 2.0 during the 2000s .
Both season-opening races at Motorland Aragón were won by Eurocup debutant Kevin Korjus , who had moved up from the Formula Renault 2.0 Northern European Cup over the off - season .
It was the start of a dominating season for the teenager from Estonia , adding seven more victories over the season to become the series ' youngest champion , at the age of .
It was not until the final race before the runner-up placing was decided .
Tech 1 Racing 's Arthur Pic held a five-point advantage over Interwetten Junior Team driver Luciano Bacheta before the final race , but was decided in Bacheta 's favour after Pic was disqualified for failing to observe a drive-through penalty for short-cutting a chicane while attempting to pass team-mate Carlos Sainz Jr. who was competing as a guest .
The trio claimed 14 of the 16 race wins on offer , with the other wins going to fifth-placed Giovanni Venturini and Javier Tarancón , both driving for Epsilon Euskadi .

Music Ka Maha Muqqabla
Music Ka Maha Muqqabla ( म्यूज़िक का महा मुक़ाबला ) was a reality show on STAR Plus , which first aired on 19 December 2009 .
It aimed to bring a new format to music reality shows in India , which is based on teams rather than individuals .
The show lasted for a total of 13 weeks .
Six teams , led by their own superstar captains , battled it out in this weekly music competition .
The singing superstars included Shaan , Shreya Ghoshal , Mohit Chauhan , Himesh Reshammiya , Mika Singh and Shankar Mahadevan .
Each team consisted of three well-known singers and one new singer .
The show was hosted by Ayushmann Khurrana .
Each week two captains competed for the highest score in order to win .
The captains that did not compete judged the performances of the singers .
There were a total of five rounds in each competition .
The audience and the judges gave the score .
The show took place in a large outdoor stadium in Mumbai .
The stadium consisted of a small section for a few audience members to stand very close to the stage .
The rest of the audience sat in the back .
Each member of the audience was given a voting machine where they voted when the host asked them to vote .
The two competing teams sat on either side of the stage .
The captains that did not compete sat in an area in front of the stage .
There were background dancers that accompanied the singers when they sang .
Two of the captains always sang in the final round and occasionally sang in any other rounds .
A " Singer of the Day " Award was given at the end of each episode to a singer selected by the judges .
The Grand Finale was won by Shankar Rockstars on 20 March 2010 .
Scoring .
The scoring was based on the judges ' average score and the audience 's average score .
In Rounds 1 to 5 the scoring was out of 20 points ( 10 from the judges ' average score and 10 from the audience 's average score ) .
In the final round ( Round 5 : Muqqabla Aar Yaa Paar ) , the voting was out of 50 points and only the audience voted .

Final Battle 2009
Final Battle 2009 was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by Ring of Honor ( ROH ) , which was only available online .
It took place on December 19 , 2009 from the Manhattan Center in New York City .
Nine matches were aired live from the show , and a bonus match aired during the intermission .
It was the seventh annual event in the Final Battle chronology , with the first taking place in 2002 .
It was the first ROH event to be shown as an online pay - per - view , and the first to be aired live .
Background .
Final Battle featured nine professional wrestling matches that involved different wrestlers from pre-existing scripted feuds and storylines .
Wrestlers were portrayed as either villains or heroes in the scripted events that built tension and culminated in a wrestling match .
On November 19 , 2009 , ROH announced that Tyler Black would receive a ROH World Championship match at Final Battle 2009 as a result of winning the Survival of the Fittest tournament .
The feud between the Briscoe Brothers ( Jay and Mark ) and The American Wolves of Eddie Edwards and Davey Richards began at " Final Battle 2008 " in December 2008 .
At the event , The American Wolves attacked the Briscoe Brothers and injured Mark 's knee .
As a result of the legitimate injury , Mark was sidelined for several months to recover .
Upon his return , the Briscoes won a tag team battle royal on the October 5 episode of " Ring of Honor Wrestling " to earn a World Tag Team Championship match against The American Wolves .
They received the title match on September 19 at " Final Countdown Tour : Chicago " , but won by disqualification after Richards attacked the referee .
As a result , they did not win the championship .
At the " Ring of Honor Wrestling " tapings in early November , the Briscoes became the number one contenders to the World Tag Team Championship by defeating the team of Kevin Steen and El Generico , and the championship match was announced for Final Battle .
On November 10 , ROH announced that two Asistencia Asesoría y Administración ( AAA ) wrestlers , former ROH World Tag Team Champion , Rocky Romero and Alex Koslov , would both be returning to ROH for a series of shows .
The following day , they announced that two more AAA wrestlers , former ROH competitors Jack Evans and Teddy Hart , would also be appearing for two shows , including Final Battle 2009 .
On November 23 , ROH announced that the match for the AAA competitors would be a tag team match , with Hart and Koslov wrestling the duo of Evans and Romero .
Production .
On November 23 , 2009 , ROH announced that they had signed a pay-per-view deal with Go Fight Live ( GFL ) to air live events over the Internet .
The first event to be aired as part of this deal was Final Battle 2009 .
On December 15 , 2009 , ROH announced the formation of its video on demand service through GFL to complement the live broadcast of Final Battle 2009 .
Beginning on December 15 , five taped ROH events were broadcast leading up to Final Battle 2009 .
The events aired were Glory By Honor IV , Death Before Dishonor IV , Final Battle 2006 , Glory By Honor V : Night 2 , and Glory By Honor VI : Night Two .
Due to a blizzard , Necro Butcher was unable to attend the event , and Teddy Hart and Jack Evans arrived late , forcing their scheduled match to be changed .
Event .
Before the event , there was an untelevised match for the live crowd in attendance , in which Andy " Right Leg " Ridge defeated Alex " Sugarfoot " Payne .
Preliminary matches .
The event began with a video promo package of the scripted feud between Austin Aries and Tyler Black , and the three commentators , Dave Prazak , Eric Santamaria , and Larry Sweeney were introduced .
The first match that aired was a Pick 6 Contenders Series four-corner survival match , which featured Claudio Castagnoli , Rhett Titus , Kenny Omega , and Colt Cabana .
The Pick 6 Contenders Series is a ranking system in ROH , which determines the challengers for the ROH World Championship .
Prior to the match both Castagnoli and Omega were in the Pick 6 , Castagnoli as number one and Omega as number six .
Cabana and Omega worked together throughout the match , teaming up on Castagnoli and Titus , until Omega performed a Ura–nage slam on Cabana .
Castagnoli won the match by pinning Titus after a German suplex .
Immediately following this match , a video promo of Tyler Black was aired .
The second match was originally scheduled to be Erick Stevens and Bison Smith versus Delirious and Necro Butcher , however , due to the blizzard in the United States , Necro Butcher was unable to be at the show .
As a result Prince Nana , Stevens ' and Smith 's manager , insulted Butcher prior to the match , before Delirious interrupted .
Delirious began the match on his own , but Pelle Primeau came out to help shortly afterwards .
Smith press slammed Primeau to the outside , eliminating him from the match , and causing Bobby Dempsey to come to Delirious ' aid instead .
A notable spot in the match involved Smith performing a backbreaker on Dempsey across Stevens ' knee .
Stevens and Smith won the match by pinfall , after Smith performed a powerbomb on Dempsey .
The third match that aired was a Fight without Honor between Eddie Kingston and Chris Hero .
The match began with both men brawling , until Hero got the upper hand by using a steel chain on Kingston , making him bleed .
In the middle of the match , Hero removed a section of the barricade and placed it in the ring , balancing it on the ring ropes to form a platform .
Hero then ganso powerbombed Kingston from the top rope onto the barricade for a near - fall .
Kingston took the advantage by using the steel chain , and performed a capture suplex on Sara Del Rey , Hero 's manager , when she interfered in the match .
Kingston won the match by pinfall after performing Hero 's own finishing move , the Rolling Elbow , on Hero while wearing Hero 's loaded elbow pad .
The final contest before the intermission was a tag team match in which The Young Bucks ( Nick and Matt Jackson ) faced Kevin Steen and El Generico .
The story of the match saw The Young Bucks attempt to exploit Steen 's knee injury .
The Young Bucks won the match following a series of superkicks to Steen to pin him .
After the match , Steen then thanked several wrestlers in what appeared to be a retirement speech , and embraced Generico , before performing a low blow on him .
He then hit Generico with a steel chair , before being stopped by Colt Cabana .
During the intermission , a match between CM Punk and Spanky from the " Third Anniversary Celebration : Part 1 " aired .
The first match after the intermission was a Pick 6 Contenders Series match between Kenny King and Roderick Strong , who was number four in the rankings prior to the match .
The match was a back and forth contest , with a notable spot occurring when Strong performed a backbreaker on King on the ring apron .
King eventually won the match by utilizing a roll-up while holding onto Strong 's ring gear .
As a result of the win , King gained the number four ranking in the Pick 6 Contenders Series .
The next match was originally scheduled to be a tag team match between the teams of Rocky Romero and Jack Evans , and Alex Koslov and Teddy Hart , however , due to the blizzard , Evans and Hart were late to the event .
As a result , Romero and Koslov competed in singles competition against each other instead , but during the match the fans in attendance chanted " we want Teddy " and " Jack " .
The ending to the match was botched , as the bell rang before Koslov submitted to Romero 's armbar hold , however , Romero was still credited with the submission victory .
Main event matches .
The first championship match of the show followed , as The American Wolves ( Davey Richards and Eddie Edwards ) defended the ROH World Tag Team Championship against the Briscoe Brothers ( Jay and Mark ) .
The Briscoes took the advantage early on , but this ended when Edwards faked an arm injury , based on the broken elbow from which he had just returned , and the Wolves began double-teaming Jay .
After about 20 minutes , the Wolves applied simultaneous submission holds , but the Briscoes were able to counter them .
The Briscoes won the match by pinfall shortly afterwards by performing a doomsday device on Edwards .
This win made the Briscoe Brothers a record six-time tag team champions .
Immediately following the tag team match , Claudio Castagnoli walked down to ringside , and was quickly joined by Chris Hero , who came from the crowd .
Castagnoli and Hero attacked the Briscoes and posed with the ROH World Tag Team Championship in an apparent reunion of their former tag team , The Kings of Wrestling .
Teddy Hart and Jack Evans , accompanied by Julius Smokes , then made an appearance and , after cutting a promo , they had an impromptu unsanctioned match , with Smokes as the referee .
Evans won the match after performing a 630 ° senton on Hart .
The main event of the show was for the ROH World Championship , between the defending champion , Austin Aries , and the challenger , Tyler Black .
The match was based around Aries constantly trying to escape from Black , and lose by countout , which would have meant that Aries retained the championship .
When Black refused to let him leave and brought him back to the ring on multiple occasions , Aries attempted to get disqualified by performing a low blow on Black and threatening to hit the referee .
The match ended in a 60 minute time-limit draw .
Afterwards the two men continued to fight , until they were interrupted by a brawl between the Kings of Wrestling and The Briscoe Brothers , which began in the crowd , and ended in the ring .
After Aries , Castagnoli and Hero fled the ringside area , Black and the Briscoes posed in the ring to end the show .
Aftermath .
Reception .
Overall , the pay-per-view was well received .
Writing for the Pro Wrestling Torch , Sean Radican praised the main event between Aries and Black , awarding it four and a half stars out of five .
He awarded the ROH World Tag Team Championship match four and a quarter stars out of five , calling it an " awesome match " .
He also praised the Steen and Generico - Young Bucks match , awarding it four and a half stars as well , and singled out Steen for praise , saying he was " great here selling the story of his knee injury " .
In his review , Michael Campbell of the Wrestling Observer also praised Steen 's contribution to the show , saying he " put in an outstanding shift " and said the match was a " really superb tag " team match .
He touted Sweeney 's return , saying it gave the show a " real feel-good factor " , and praised the " crisp , at times cutting edge duos sequences " on show in the American Wolves - Briscoes match .
Campbell , however , criticized the live crowd at the show , saying it was the " worst NYC crowd " he could remember seeing at an ROH show .
Campbell felt the botched ending of the Koslov - Romero match detracted from the event , calling it " ridiculously amateurish " .
All the reviewers criticized the sound production for the event .
Radican claimed it was hard to hear the video packages on the internet feed due to the noise of the live crowd , and also experienced sound difficulties with the intermission match .
Campbell agreed , saying the sound for the Black video promo was " abysmal " , and remarking that the audio issues made the show seem " very unprofessional " .
ROH later said that the sound problems were due to GFL 's equipment not functioning as it had during run-throughs earlier in the day .
In April 2010 , ROH reported that Final Battle 2009 received 1,200 buys and earned US$ 18,000 , not counting live event ticket or merchandise sales .
ROH split the revenue with GoFightLive , and so received approximately $ 9,000 .
ROH reported that the pay-per-view cost approximately $ 1,500 to air , and so they earned approximately $ 7,500 profit for the event .

Ich tu dir weh
" Ich tu dir weh " ( " " I hurt you " or " I do you woe " " ) is the second single from the 2009 album " Liebe ist für alle da " by German band Rammstein .
Due to the sado-masochistic content of this song , the album was placed on the " index " maintained by the German Bundesprüfstelle für jugendgefährdende Medien .
In May 2010 , the original uncensored album and the single were de - indexed and consequently released in Germany .
Music video .
The music video for the song was released online on 21 December 2009 , hosted on the adult site visit-X .
The video shows the band performing the song with equipment that has black and gray colors .
Both Till Lindemann and Oliver Riedel are wearing eye contacts that eventually turn colors ( Riedel 's turn green and Lindemann 's turn red ) .
Lindemann 's mouth also emits a white light when he sings .
A cable runs through his cheek , and a light is mounted inside of his mouth .
Lindemann wanted the effect to be authentic , so he had his cheek pierced just for the production .
At the climax of the video , the stage around Flake fills with electricity , resulting in the band members exploding at the last note .
Live performances .
When played live , large amounts of pyrotechnics are used during " Ich tu dir weh " .
A choreographed fight takes place mid-song between Lindemann and Flake , which ends with Flake being forced into a large bathtub .
Lindemann proceeds to stand on a platform that raises him high above the bathtub , from which he pours a large amount of sparks from a milk can into the bath below .
This causes multiple large explosions , after which Flake emerges wearing a silver holographic suit .
In the first few German concerts of the " Liebe ist für alle da " tour , they modified song 's lyrics to allow Lindemann to sing them , because the original lyrics were tagged as inappropriate by the Bundesprüfstelle für jugendgefährdende Medien .
Track listing .
All songs written by Rammstein .

Museum Meermanno
Museum Meermanno | House of the Book , ( Huis van het boek ) formerly called Museum Meermanno-Westreenianum , is a museum named after Willem Hendrik Jacob van Westreenen van Tiellandt on the Prinsessegracht 30 in The Hague .
It is remarkable for its collection of sculpture , books , etchings , and paintings , but is most attractive to visitors for its accurate upkeep of the 18th century " Herenhuis " interior with period furnishings and collectibles .
History .
The museum is located in the former house of the book collector baron van Westreenen van Tiellandt ( 1783–1848 ) , who himself was a great admirer of his cousin Johan Meerman ( 1751–1815 ) , a book collector , traveler , and diarist .
The museum is partly a personal memorial to Meerman , and focuses today on the written and printed books in all forms .
The development of the design of old and modern books is the central theme .
The museum has a collection of books from all periods of Western history .
Medieval manuscripts , their manufacture , restoration , and accompanying research are one of the most important features of the collection .
The development of writing is shown through a bird 's eye view of the layout and decoration of these manuscripts .
Besides the medieval manuscripts , there are also fine incunabula , printed as early as before 1501 .
In addition to the collection of old books , the museum also collects books printed from 1850 to the present day .
The shape and design of the books are the central theme .
Rotating exhibitions show various parts of the overall collection , while the house interior is worth a visit for the paintings by famous Dutch masters .
The museum owns the largest collection of bookplates in the Netherlands .
There is also an old fashioned movable - type printing press in the museum .
Origin of the museum .
The museum is named after two avid book collectors : baron W. H. J. van Westreenen van Tiellandt ( 1783–1848 ) and his cousin Johan Meerman ( 1751–1815 ) .
The baron substantially extended Meerman 's collection , and since 1852 there is the museum .
Since then the collection has been expanding .

City Airport Train
The City Airport Train ( CAT ) connects Vienna International Airport directly to Wien Mitte railway station , close to Vienna city centre , daily from 05:36 to 23:36 .
Basic facts .
The City Airport Train runs on the same rails as the S-Bahn S7 stopping service , but takes only 16 minutes from the Airport to Wien Mitte station , compared to 25 minutes for the S7 .
A single CAT ticket costs €12 and a Return tickets costs €19 when purchased from ticket machines , while S7 tickets only cost €4.20 .
The CAT and S7 run twice an hour during the day .
Passengers can check in up to 75 minutes prior to departure for a number of airlines directly at Wien Mitte station .
Airlines that offer check in include Air Berlin , Austrian , Fly Niki , German Wings , Lufthansa , Swissair , and Tyrolean .
In 2008 , nearly 1.1 million passengers were carried .
Corporate structure and leadership .
City Air Terminal Betriebsgesellschaft m.b.H. , owned 50.1 % by Vienna Airport and 49.9 % by Austrian Federal Railways , was founded to operate the service .
First registered in 1974 , the company became operative in 2002 .

List of UK Albums Chart number ones of the 2010s
The UK Albums Chart is a weekly record chart based on album sales from Friday to Thursday in the United Kingdom ; , there have been 167 number-one albums during the 2010s , by 56 artists .
The Official Charts Company ( OCC ) defines an " album " as being a type of music release that feature more than four tracks and last longer than 25 minutes ; sales of albums in the UK are recorded on behalf of the British music industry by the OCC and compiled weekly as the UK Albums Chart .
The chart is based on both physical and digital album sales , as well as audio streaming , and each week 's new number one is first announced every Friday ( previously Sunday ) on " The Official Chart " , which is currently hosted by Greg James .
The album chart is published online by BBC Radio 1 ( Top 40 ) , in " Music Week " magazine ( Top 75 ) , on the OCC website ( Top 100 ) and the full Top 200 is published exclusively in " UKChartsPlus " .
In June 2010 , " Time Flies ... 1994–2009 " by Oasis became the 900th album ever to top the UK Albums Chart and in November 2013 , " Swings Both Ways " by Robbie Williams became the 1,000th .
The following albums have all been number one in the United Kingdom during the 2010s .
Number ones .
By artist .
Eleven different artists have spent more than five weeks at number one on the album chart so far during the 2010s .
Rihanna became the first artist to have three albums reach number one : " Loud " , which spent three weeks at number one ; " Talk That Talk " , which spent two weeks at number one , and " Unapologetic " , which only spent one week at number one .
By record label .
Twelve different record labels have spent five weeks or more at number one on the album chart so far during the 2010s .

Theretra alecto
Theretra alecto , known as the Levant Hawk Moth , is a moth of the Sphingidae family .
It is found in the Indomalaya ecozone and warm parts of the Palearctic ecozone , including extreme south-eastern Europe .
The wingspan is 75–106 mm. The larvae feed on " Vitis " and " Parthenocissus " species .

Trinity Episcopal Chapel ( Morley , New York )
Trinity Episcopal Chapel is a historic Episcopal church located at Morley in St. Lawrence County , New York .
It was consecrated in 1871 and is a Gothic Revival chapel , which has a gable roof , is rectangular in shape , with the sanctuary measuring approximately 24 feet by 62 feet and a chancel measuring 16 feet by 24 feet and forming a rear wing .
It is constructed of brick and faced with fieldstone .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 .

Barry Magid
Barry Magid is a psychoanalyst and Zen teacher whose life and work have been on the forefront of a movement to integrate Western psychology with Eastern spiritual practices .
He teaches at the Ordinary Mind Zendo in New York City .
OMZ is part of the Ordinary Mind Zen School , a network of independent Zen centers established by Charlotte Joko Beck and her Dharma Successors in 1995 .
After graduating from the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey in 1975 , he completed his training in psychiatry and psychoanalysis in New York City at Roosevelt Hospital and The Postgraduate Center for Mental Health , where he became a training and supervising analyst .
His primary psychoanalytic orientation was Self Psychology , the school founded by Heinz Kohut .
In 1993 he edited " Freud 's Case Studies : Self Psychological Perspectives " .
He has also served on the board of The International Association for Relational Psychoanalysis and Psychotherapy ( IARPP ) .
While he was training as a psychoanalyst , he also began Zen training , first under Eido Tai Shimano and later with Tetsugen Bernard Glassman .
Later he met and trained with Charlotte Joko Beck , the Dharma heir of Taizan Maezumi and founder of her own Ordinary Mind School of Zen .
In 1996 , Joko Beck gave him permission to establish The Ordinary Mind Zendo , where he became the founding teacher and in 1998 , he received Dharma transmission , which gave him full authorization to teach Zen independently .
In 2009 , he named his first Dharma successor , Pat George , who teaches at The Zen Center of Philadelphia .
In November of 2014 , he named his second Dharma Heir , Karen Terzano , in a ceremony attended by members of both his New York sangha and her Finland sangha where she is currently the founding teacher .
Magid has published numerous articles and three books on the integration of psychoanalysis and Zen : " Ordinary Mind : Exploring the Common Ground of Zen and Psychoanalysis " ( 2002 ) , " Ending the Pursuit of Happiness " ( 2008 ) and " Nothing Is Hidden : The Psychology of Zen Koans " ( 2013 ) .
In addition , for many years he pursued the craft of letterpress printing , and published limited editions of handset and handprinted books under his own imprint , Dim Gray Bar Press .
Among the titles he published was a volume of the collected letters of William Carlos Williams and Charles Tomlinson ( 1992 ) which he co-edited with Hugh Witemeyer .
He also edited " Father Louie : Photographs of Thomas Merton " by Ralph Eugene Meatyard ( 1991 ) .
Authors published by the press include Wendell Berry , Guy Davenport , Jim Harrison , Thomas Merton and Jonathan Williams .
He lives in New York City with his son Sam and his partner , Jessica Benjamin .

Dioryctria schuetzeella
Dioryctria schuetzeella is a moth of the family Pyralidae .
It is found in most of Europe , except the Balkan Peninsula , the Iberian Peninsula , Ireland and Ukraine .
The wingspan is 21–28 mm. The moth flies in one generation from June to August .
The caterpillars feed on " Picea abies " .

Stephen Osagiede Oronsaye
Stephen Osagiede Oronsaye is a Nigerian accountant and civil servant who was appointed Head of the Civil Service of the Federation in June 2009 .
He began an energetic program of reform immediately after his appointment .
He retired on 16 November 2010 after reaching the statutory retirement age of 60 , and was succeeded by Oladapo Afolabi .
Background .
Stephen Osagiede Oronsaye was born in Lagos on 16 November 1950 .
His parents were from Uhunmwonde and Oredo Local Council Areas in Edo State .
Oronsaye trained with the firm of Peat Marwick Cassleton Elliot ( 1973–1978 ) , and qualified as a Chartered Accountant in 1978 .
He became a Partner of the firm in 1989 .
He joined the Federal Ministry of Finance in December 1995 , as Director , Special Duties .
Oronsaye was responsible for the merger of the Administrative and Accounting functions of the offices of the State House , computerisation of processes and procedures of the State House , Personnel records , Accounts and Access controls for the offices .
In 1999 he was appointed Principal Private Secretary to President Olusegun Obasanjo , a position equivalent to Federal Permanent Secretary .
He was confirmed as Permanent Secretary , State House , an unusual appointment since he was not a civil servant .
In 2006 , Oronsaye headed the committee on the review of the Civil Service Rules and Financial Regulations .
He was appointed Permanent Secretary of the Federal Ministry of Finance on 20 August 2008 .
Head of the Civil Service .
Stephen Oronsaye was appointed Head of the Nigerian Civil Service in June 2009 .
Soon after his appointment , Stephen Oronsaye and Ahmed Al-Gazali , chairman of the Federal Civil Service Commission , established a new tenure policy limiting the terms of permanent secretaries and directors to eight years .
As a result , nine permanent secretaries were forced to retire in October 2009 , and many directors were expected to retire by January 2010 .
In November 2009 , Stephen Oronsaye told the newly appointed permanent secretaries that they would be subject to continuous assessment , and their tenure could be terminated at any time for poor performance .
However , he reasserted that the compulsory retirement age for civil servants would remain the earlier of 60 years of age or 35 years of pensionable service .
Following a move by the Central Bank of Nigeria to sack the boards of five banks and publish a list of debtors of those banks , in August 2009 Stephen Oronsaye directed Permanent Secretaries to prevent ministries , departments and agencies from withdrawing funds or closing accounts in these banks .
Earlier that month Stephen Oronsaye had announced a major reshuffle where almost half of the Permanent Secretaries were assigned to new departments .
In November 2009 , he directed that TV sets be removed from all Civil Service offices , on the basis that viewing television during office hours lowers productivity .
Also in November 2009 , he stated that he had been discussing wage increases for federal civil servants with President Umaru Yar ' Adua .
In December 2009 he announced plans to train 4,600 civil servants by March 2010 to prepare them for the higher challenges that came with the new tenure policy , and to remove stagnation from the civil service .

Peter Giles ( philologist )
Dr Peter Giles ( born 20 October 1860 , died 17 September 1935 , Cambridge ) was a distinguished philologist and Master of Emmanuel College , Cambridge .
Life .
Peter Giles was born at Strichen , Aberdeenshire on 20 October 1860 and , after graduating at the University of Aberdeen , went up to Cambridge University as a scholar of Gonville and Caius College in 1882 .
He was placed in the first class in both parts of the Classical Tripos and in the second class in history .
After attending the lectures of Karl Brugmann at Freiburg and Leipzig , Giles brought the ideas of the Neo-grammarians to England in his only publication , " " , published in 1895 and subsequently translated into German .
Giles succeeded John Peile as the Reader in comparative philology at Cambridge in 1891 , a position he retained until his death .
Peter Giles served as the Master of Emmanuel College , Cambridge from 1910 until 1935 and as Vice-Chancellor from 1919-1920 .

1934–35 Stoke City F. C. season
The 1934–35 season was Stoke City 's 35th season in the Football League and the 21st in the First Division .
Stoke had an unprecedented amount of funds available as the chairman announced that they had recorded a £ 13,422 profit .
The results on the pitch were similar to last season this time in reverse order with Stoke having a good first half but a poor second half to the campaign .
Stoke finished in 10th position with 42 points .
Season review .
League .
Chairman Sherwin went on record in the summer of 1934 by saying never before in its history has the club been in such a good position financially , Stoke had just made a profit of £ 13,422 .
There was a considerable talk of more ground improvements to be made to the Victoria Ground , but some fans wanted the money to be spent on the development of younger players .
Stoke started the 1934–35 season by losing 4–1 at Sheffield Wednesday but then quickly made amends by beating Leeds United 8–1 in their opening home match with Stanley Matthews scoring four goals which earned him his first England call up .
Another local star to emerge from the youth team was forward Freddie Steele who used to work for Downings Tileries before becoming a professional footballer .
Stoke started the campaign well and for one week in October they sat top of the table .
They remained in the top five until February but a disappointing run of results towards the end of the season saw them finish in mid-table position of 10th .
FA Cup .
Stoke were embarrassed in this seasons FA Cup losing 4–1 away at Swansea Town .
Results .
" Stoke 's score comes first "

Donald Thobega
Donald Thobega ( 21 October 1974 – 28 March 2009 ) , often known by his nickname Boboza , was a Botswana footballer who played as a midfielder .
A sergeant in the Botswana military , he last played for Botswana Defence Force XI .
Between 1999 and 2006 , he won a total of five caps for the Botswana national football team .
Thobega started his career in the Botswana lower leagues before transferring to Mogoditshane Fighters in 1998 .
He was a patron of the Test For Life campaign .
On 28 March 2009 , Thobega died three weeks after being involved in a car accident near Lobatse .
He was buried in his home village of Ramotswa on 4 April 2009 .
Personal life .
Thobega was born on 21 October 1979 .
He subscribed to the Botswana Defence Force as a private in 2005 and by the time of his death had been promoted to the rank of sergeant .
Outside of football , he was involved in the Test For Life campaign , which encourages football supporters in Botswana to be tested for HIV and AIDS .
Playing career .
Club .
Thobega 's career began in the Botswana lower divisions , where he played for Mogonye Jungle Kings and Manyana Lucky Brothers .
In 1998 , he was signed for Botswana Premier League club Mogoditshane Fighters by manager David Bright .
He formed a solid defensive partnership with international team-mate Mogogi Gabonamong , and was captain of the Mogoditshane team that achieved three consecutive Premier League titles in 1999 , 2000 and 2001 .
The team also won the league in 2003 , as well as winning the Botswana Challenge Cup in 1999 , 2000 and 2003 .
In 2005 , Thobego left Mogoditshane to join the Botswana Defence Force .
He became a part of the military football team , the Botswana Defence Force XI , and was appointed team captain .
The team reached the final of the Challenge Cup in his first , but lost 3–1 to Township Rollers .
The following season , they again reached the final but were defeated 2–1 by Notwane FC .
International .
Thobega earned his first call-up to the Botswana national football team in 1999 .
That year , he made his international debut as a substitute .
It was another two years before he played again for his country , when he again appeared from the substitutes ' bench .
In 2002 , he won three more caps for his country .
He was last called up to the Botswana team on 9 September 2007 , when manager Colwyn Rowe included Thobega in the 23 - man squad to face South Africa .
He did not feature in that match , and was never selected for the national side again .
Death .
In March 2009 , Thobega was involved in a car accident while driving back to Lobatse from a music concert in Molapowabojang .
Following the incident , he spent almost three weeks in the Intensive Care Unit of Princes Marina Hospital in Lobatse .
He died of his injuries on 28 March 2009 and was buried in Ramotswa on 4 April 2009 .
Botswana Defence Force XI manager Pudulogo Sokwane spoke highly of Thobega , stating that he was " shocked about his death " and that it was " really painful to have been robbed of such a star .
" Fellow Botswana international and Defence Force XI team-mate Nelson Gabolwelwe also praised Thobega , saying he had lost " a close friend in the team " .

Przegorzały
Przegorzały – a district in Kraków ( Poland ) , located west of the city centre .
Originally a separate village , it was first mentioned in 1162 as the property of the Norbertine Sisters .
Przegorzały was incorporated into the city of Kraków by the Nazi occupiers in 1941 .
Today , it is an outlying part of the Zwierzyniec District , but thanks to several nature reserves Przegorzały has retained a semi-rural character .
Przegorzały is at the edge of the Wolski Woods , east of Bielany and west of the Kościuszko Mound , overlooking the Vistula river .
During the Nazi occupation 1939-1945 , over a thousand people ( largely ethnic Poles accused of involvement in resistance against the Nazis ) are believed to have been executed in Przegorzały at the spot known as .
The most famous building in Przegorzały is the so-called " Castle " and adjacent " Bastion " .
What is now known as the " Bastion " was built by the Polish Art Historian Adolf Szyszko-Bohusz as his own residence in the 1920s , naming it " Belvedere " after the beautiful view .
The occupying Nazis confiscated that building and added the larger " Schloss Wartenberg " as a residence for Otto Wächter and Luftwaffe officers .
Currently , they house the Institute of European Studies of the Jagiellonian University and a restaurant .

Cnephasia communana
Cnephasia communana is a moth of the Tortricidae family .
It is found in Europe .
The wingspan is 18–22 mm. Adults are on wing from May to July .
There is one generation per year .
The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants , including " Glebionis segetum " , " Lotus " , " Vicia faba " , " Plantago " and " Rumex "

Promise You
Promise You may refer to :

Wola Justowska
Wola Justowska is an area belonging to Zwierzyniec District Nº .
VII of Kraków , Poland .
It was previously a village known as Wola Chełmska until the 16th century .
It became part of metropolitan Kraków in 1941 .

Cansema
Cansema ( known generically as black salve ) is a brand name of a dangerous and controversial alternative cancer treatment .
The product is commonly classified as an escharotic — that is , a topical paste which burns and destroys skin tissue and leaves behind a thick , black scar called an eschar .
Escharotics were widely used to treat skin lesions in the early 1900s , but have since been replaced by safer and more effective treatments .
Escharotics such as Cansema are currently advertised by some alternative medicine marketers as treatments for skin cancer , often with unsubstantiated testimonials and unproven claims of effectiveness .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has listed Cansema as a " fake cancer cure " and warns consumers to avoid it .
Usages and dangers .
Cancer salves were first documented as a form of quackery in a 1955 " Time " article : Although more recent reports document that some alternative medicine practitioners use the Internet to market escharotics as purported " cures " for skin cancer , they are not recommended as treatments for skin lesions or skin cancer by medical authorities .
The effectiveness of escharotics is unproven , while safer and more effective conventional treatments exist for skin cancers , such as : cryotherapy ; topical agents such as imiquimod , fluorouracil and Ingenol mebutate ; radiation therapy ; and surgical excision , including Mohs surgery ( microscopically controlled surgery used to remove and test cancerous tissue ) .
Escharotics can cause serious scarring and damage to normal skin .
Their manufacture is largely unregulated , so the strength and purity of marketed products are unknown and unverified .
Numerous reports in the medical literature describe serious consequences of using escharotics in place of standard treatments for skin cancer , ranging from disfigurement to preventable cancer recurrences .
The website Quackwatch posted a warning against the use of escharotics in 2008 .
The site collected a variety of sourced documents compiling issues of patient injury from the use of escharotics .
Common ingredients of black salves include zinc chloride , chaparral ( also known as creosote bush ( Latin name " Larrea tridentata " ) , and often bloodroot , a plant frequently used in herbal medicine .
The extract of bloodroot is called sanguinarine , an ammonium salt which attacks and destroys living tissue and is also classified as an escharotic .
Regulation .
Cansema is listed by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) as one of 187 fake cancer cures .
Cansema continues to be marketed by numerous individuals , as evidenced by recent FDA Warning Letters .
The FDA has taken enforcement action against illegal marketing of Cansema as a cancer cure , as in the 2004 arrest and conviction of Greg Caton .
The FDA has taken an active role in the banning of these chemicals for use as a cancer cure .
Typical warning letters detail the dangers of this product while also admonishing the purveyors of their obligation to comply with federal law .
Summaries of recent letters are cataloged on the FDA website .
The Therapeutic Goods Administration ( TGA ) of Australia is advising consumers against purchasing or using black salve , red salve or cansema products .
The TGA has found the Australian Vaccination - Skeptics Network ( AVN ) in breach of advertising regulations , and in a separate finding the AVN 's former president Meryl Dorey together with Leon Pittard of Fair Dinkum Radio were found to be in breach .

Per Giertsen
Per Egeberg Giertsen ( 26 June 1906 – 1990 ) was a Norwegian physician , especially known for helping members of the Norwegian resistance movement during and after World War II .
Pre - war career .
He was born in Kristiania ( Oslo ) , and graduated from the Royal Frederick University with the cand.med .
degree in 1932 .
He worked as a municipal physician in Nedre Eiker from 1932 to 1934 , and then moved back to Oslo where he had his own physician 's office .
World War II .
During the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany , he became involved in the Norwegian resistance movement .
Starting on 14 September 1944 he was a contact of the sabotage squad Aks 13000 .
During a saboteur attack against gasoline tanks at Vestheim School , the saboteur Reidar Smith was shot , but managed to crawl home to his aunt Frieda Smith who contacted Giertsen .
Giertsen went to Smith 's home , then brought the injured saboteur to his own home the following morning , and kept him there for three weeks .
This pattern , with Giertsen both making " field visits " as well as providing housing , continued .
Giertsen helped with almost all in - battle injuries of Aks 13000 .
He also helped with injuries sustained elsewhere , such as Per Røed 's arm injury caused by horse bite .
Post-war career .
After the liberation of Norway in May 1945 , when Aks 13000 became " Sentralledelsens Aksjonskommando " under the temporary Home Front rule , Giertsen continued to serve .
Without payment he performed medical checks of all sabotage personnel in the district , at a hotel in Frogner together with Ole Øyseth .
He later struggled to gain recognition and acknowledgement of certain saboteurs ' injuries as war injuries eligible for welfare benefits .
One particular case , in which a saboteur was ultimately granted veteran 's welfare , lasted from 1950 to 1958 .
Giertsen also continued his physician career , and worked part-time in the companies Fred .
Olsen & Co. from 1935 to 1947 , " Aftenposten " from 1945 to 1973 , Esso Norway from 1945 to 1955 , Leif Höegh & Co from 1955 to 1975 as well as the Norwegian royal court administration from 1945 to 1984 .
He was also a physician at the 1952 Winter Olympics as well as Holmenkollen events .
He was decorated with the Defence Medal 1940 – 1945 and the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav .
He also received an award plaque from the Association for the Promotion of Skiing .
He died in September 1990 .

Eulia ministrana
Eulia ministrana is a moth of the Tortricidae family .
It is found in the Palearctic and the Nearctic ecozone .
The wingspan is 18–24 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June .
There is one generation per year .
The larvae feed on various shrubs and trees .

Fryeria
Fryeria is a genus of sea slugs , dorid nudibranchs , shell - less marine gastropod molluscs in the family Phyllidiidae .
" Fryeria " has become a synonym of " Phyllidia " Species .
Species in the genus " Fryeria " used to include :

Edwin Disang
Edwin Disang ( born 13 July 1980 ) is a Botswanan footballer who plays as a striker .
He played for the Botswana national football team between 1999 and 2001 .
He currently coaches boys varsity soccer at Melbourne Central Catholic High School in Florida .
He won a regional championship there in 2013 , going to the state final four .
It was recently announced that Disang will be appointed head girls varsity coach at Melbourne Central Catholic .

2010 Silverstone Superleague Formula round
The 2010 Silverstone Superleague Formula round was a Superleague Formula round held on April 4 , 2010 , at the Silverstone Circuit , Northamptonshire , England .
It was the first ever round at the Silverstone Circuit and the opening round of the 2010 Superleague Formula season .
It was the first Superleague Formula round in the United Kingdom which is not hosted at Donington Park .
Donington Park hosted 2008 and 2009 events .
Brands Hatch will also host a round of the Superleague Formula series later in the season .
British teams competing have been confirmed with the participation of reigning champions Liverpool F. C. and runners up Tottenham Hotspur .
FC Midtjylland and Rangers F. C. did not continue in the series in 2010 , but new team GD Bordeaux were ready in time to make their debut at this event .
Support races included the Dutch Supercar Challenge , the SPEED Series and the World Sportscar and Grand Prix Masters .
Report .
Practice and qualifying .
Three practice sessions were held before the race ; all were held on Friday and all were 30 minutes in duration .
Tottenham Hotspur ( Craig Dolby ) finished on top of the rain affected session one with a time of 1:46.585. Session two had much better weather , with A. S. Roma ( Julien Jousse ) leading the timesheets with a 1:36.819. Session three was a rainout with no times being recorded .
SC Corinthians ( Robert Doornbos ) and A. S. Roma ( Julien Jousse ) were some of the drivers to test the conditions , but both teams ended up in the gravel .
Session three was ultimately red flagged .
The qualifying session was firstly split into two groups after practice on Friday ; Group A and Group B. Teams compete against each other teams in their own groups , with the top four in each group advancing to the ' knock out stages ' .
In Group A 's 15 minute qualifying session on Saturday , F. C. Porto ( Álvaro Parente ) finished first with a time of 1:34.520 .
Also advancing were the two ' home teams ' of Tottenham Hotspur and Liverpool F. C. and Swiss team FC Basel .
In Group Bs 15 minute qualifying session , Olympique Lyonnais ( Sébastien Bourdais ) finished first with a time of 1:34.432. Also advancing were Sevilla FC , CR Flamengo and A. C. Milan .
Towards the end of Group B running , the rain started to come down again .
This affected times at the end of the session with multiple cars going off the track .
R. S. C. Anderlecht ( Davide Rigon ) ended their qualifying session in the gravel trap , complaining of new accelerator problems .

2010 Magny-Cours Superleague Formula round
The 2010 Magny-Cours Superleague Formula round was a Superleague Formula round held on May 23 , 2010 , at the Circuit de Nevers Magny-Cours , Magny-Cours , France .
It was the second round at the Magny-Cours circuit after it hosted its first Superleague Formula event in 2009 .
It was the third round of the 2010 Superleague Formula season .
Seventeen clubs entered the round including two French clubs , Olympique Lyonnais and GD Bordeaux .
PSV Eindhoven missed the round due to driver Narain Karthikeyan 's involvement in the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series race on the same weekend .
Support events included the British GT Championship .

SC 38
SC 38 may refer to :

2010 Zolder Superleague Formula round
The 2010 Zolder Superleague Formula round was a Superleague Formula round held on July 18 , 2010 , at Circuit Zolder , Heusden-Zolder , Belgium .
It was the third year in a row that Superleague Formula visited the Zolder circuit , making it the only circuit to feature on the calendar every year until 2010 .
It was the sixth round of the 2010 Superleague Formula season .
Seventeen clubs took part including Belgian club R. S. C. Anderlecht .
Olympique Lyonnais skipped the round after parting company with driver Sébastien Bourdais .
Support races included the Dutch Supercar Challenge , BOSS GP , Benelux Formula Ford and the Historic Youngtimers Special Open .

S. C. 38
S. C. 38 may refer to :

Jack Lewis ( footballer , born 1912 )
John E. Lewis ( 1912 – " unknown " ) was a Welsh footballer who played in the Football League for Stoke City .
Career .
Lewis was born in Porthcawl and played for Trethomas and Merthyr Town before joining Stoke City in 1934 .
He was used mainly in the reserves during his time at the Victoria Ground and only made two first appearances in 1934–35 both coming away from home firstly against Blackburn Rovers in September and then Aston Villa in March .

Trinity Episcopal Church ( Potsdam , New York )
Trinity Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Potsdam in St. Lawrence County , New York .
It was built in 1835 in the Federal style with Gothic elements built of red Potsdam Sandstone .
It was greatly enlarged and transformed into High Victorian Gothic style later in the 19th century , with less significant alterations continuing into the 20th century .
The front facade of the church took its final form in 1886 and is a lavishly decorated Victorian Gothic creation , made possible by donations from Thomas S. Clarkson and his family .
It features a , four-level tower .
Also on the property is a stone wall dating to 1870 , a large cast iron urn dating to about 1880 and a cast iron lamppost on a sandstone base dating to 1880 .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003 .

Westdene dam disaster
The Westdene dam disaster was a bus accident that took place in Westdene , near Johannesburg , South Africa , on 27 March 1985 .
The accident .
The driver of a double decker bus lost control and the bus crashed through barriers into the Westdene dam , about three miles from the centre of Johannesburg .
A witness said it appeared a tire blew out , sending the bus swerving into another vehicle before it smashed through a fence and plunged into the reservoir .
The bus was transporting students from the local high school ( Hoërskool Vorentoe ) .
About 3,000 people , including dozens of tearful parents , gathered near the scene as doctors and nurses battled to revive children pulled from the submerged bus .
Police said 39 students drowned in the bus and two died later in hospital .
Children traveling in another bus said some students trapped on the upper deck managed to break windows and swim to safety .
Investigation .
The driver , Willem Horne , could not remember what had happened and was acquitted .
Casualties .
The following children lost their lives in the disaster :

Molathegi Podile
Molathegi Podile is a Botswanan former footballer who played as a striker .
He played one game for the Botswana national football team in 1999 .

2010 Brands Hatch Superleague Formula round
The 2010 Brands Hatch Superleague Formula round was a Superleague Formula round held on August 1 , 2010 , at the Brands Hatch circuit , Kent , England .
It was Superleague Formula 's first visit to the circuit and the second round of the 2010 season to be held in Britain , after the Silverstone round .
It was the seventh round of the 2010 Superleague Formula season .
Eighteen clubs took part including English clubs Liverpool F. C. and Tottenham Hotspur .
The other British SF club , Rangers F. C. , were not competing that year .
Support races included the GT Cup , Formula Junior , and Lotus Cup Europe .
Report .
Race 2 .
The race was red-flagged with about nine minutes left to run due a very large crash involving Olympiacos ' Chris van der Drift who was sent to hospital with a broken ankle , two broken ribs , a cracked shoulder blade , a dislocated shoulder and two broken fingers .
He had run into the back of A. S. Roma 's Julien Jousse just after Surtees ' bend , they touched wheels which sent van der Drift 's car into the air hitting the side barrier and bridge before spinning down Pilgrim 's Drop , temporarily on fire , to a stop with the car seriously damaged and nearby racers narrowly avoiding the wreckage .
Van der Drift remembered the accident and interviewed a few days later put it down to " a racing incident ... I 'm still alive , so that 's good " .

Bien Bien
Bien Bien ( 1989–2002 ) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse bred by William S. Farish III & William S. Kilroy and raced by Trudy McCaffery and John Toffan .
He won eight stakes races during his career , including four Grade I events .
He set a course record of 1:57.75 for 1 ¼ miles while winning the 1993 Hollywood Invitational Turf Handicap .
He also ran second in the 1993 Breeders ' Cup Turf to winner Kotashaan .
Bien Bien was retired to stud for the 1995 season .
He stood at Mill Ridge Farm near Lexington , Kentucky , until 2000 , when he was sent to Kirtlington Stud near Kirtlington , Oxfordshire , England .
During his relatively short career at stud , he sired : Bien Bien died of a heart attack at age thirteen on March 11 , 2002 , after covering a mare at Kirtlington Stud .

S. C. 22
S. C. 22 may refer to :

2010 European F3 Open season
The 2010 European F3 Open season was the second European F3 Open Championship season .
The season began on 17 April at Circuit Ricardo Tormo in Valencia , and finished on 31 October at Circuit de Catalunya in Montmeló after 16 races run at eight meetings , four held in Spain , as well as meetings held in Belgium , France , the United Kingdom and Italy .
Marco Barba , the 2007 series runner - up , finished the season as champion for the Lebanese team Cedars Motorsport , having clinched the title with a meeting to spare at Jerez .
Barba , who stepped down from the Formula Renault 3.5 Series to contest the series , won six races and collected eleven podiums as he finished more than 40 points clear of the field .
Second place was claimed by Team West - Tec 's Callum MacLeod via countback , having finished tied on points with RP Motorsport 's David Fumanelli .
Both drivers could not be separated on victories , as they each won three races , but MacLeod 's four second places enabled to finish ahead of Fumanelli , who claimed just one runner-up placing .
Kevin Ceccon and Toño Fernández completed the top five in the championship standings , each taking one victory during the season , coming at Catalunya and Brands Hatch respectively .
The two other race victors came from the secondary Copa de España class , with Drivex driver Aaron Filgueira winning at Spa - Francorchamps , and MacLeod 's team-mate Victor Corrêa won at Monza , having moved up from Formula Renault UK midway through the season .
Cedars Motorsport also triumphed in the Copa de España for older - specification machinery .
Noel Jammal finished the season with five victories , and finished at the head of the standings by five points .
Title rival Filgueira had led the standings by three points heading into the final race weekend in Catalunya , but a double retirement coupled with Jammal 's second place in the opening race allowed the Lebanese driver to top the points at season 's end ; he claimed four wins and ten podiums , and managed to just fend off Luis Villalba of the Hache Team by four points , a winner of three races .
Nil Montserrat , Corrêa ( 2 ) and Vincent Beltoise took the season 's other victories .
Cedars Motorsport completed a clean sweep , winning the teams ' championship by 24 points ahead of Team West - Tec and 25 clear of RP Motorsport .

Dieu a besoin des hommes
Dieu a besoin des hommes ( " God Needs Man " ) is a 1950 French drama film directed by Jean Delannoy .
At the 1st Berlin International Film Festival it won the Special Prize for an Excellent Film Achievement .

Do n't You Dare Read This , Mrs. Dunphrey
Do n't You Dare Read This , Mrs. Dunphrey is a 1996 young adult novel written by Margaret Peterson Haddix .
It tells the story of high school student Tish Bonner through journal entries assigned throughout the year by her English teacher , Mrs. Dunphrey and follows her as her life slowly begins to spin out of control through familial and social troubles .
Summary .
Tish Bonner leads a fairly average teenager 's life .
She has three best friends , Sandy , Rochelle , and Chastity , all of whom are described to have ' big hair and sit in the back of every classroom .
' She had a part-time job at the local " Burger Boy " restaurant and lives with her mother and younger brother Matt .
Her father is absent , presumed to have left the family .
Despite this , Tish shows indifference to his absence , while their mother seems to be getting worse and more distant every day .
At the beginning of the school year in 1992 , her English teacher , Mrs. Dunphrey , assigns journal entries , which Tish initially sneers at and attempts to get by on the bare minimum requirement of two entries a week .
She talks casually about her friend Sandy 's shoplifting habit and Bud Turner , Tish 's shady co-worker who attempted to ask her on a date .
She does this only because Mrs. Dunphrey has announced she will refuse to read any entry marked " Do Not Read This , Mrs. Dunphrey .
" Tish begins marking every entry as such to test Mrs. Dunphrey to see if she keeps to her word , and she eventually concludes that she does .
Soon , her father mysteriously re-enters her family life before the holidays and begins warming up to Matt and Tish 's mother , although Tish still remains frustrated and skeptical about him .
On Christmas Eve , he hands out fancy presents while dressed as Santa Claus , which causes Tish to go over the edge and snap at him .
He hits her and then he leaves much to his wife 's despair .
Tish soon learns that the reason why her father could afford those expensive gifts was by charging them to her mother 's credit card .
Tish 's mother becomes increasingly desolate after her husband 's disappearance , and Tish and Matt begin to notice she has been skipping work and lying around all day .
One day , Tish discovers that her mother has abandoned her children to look for her husband , leaving only a note assuring Tish that she knows Tish will take good care of Matt .
Tish 's schoolwork slips as she finds herself the head of a household with very little means of getting by .
She ca n't increase her hours at work after Bud Turner is promoted to manager , spitefully cuts back Tish 's wages , and then fires her .
Her little brother begins wetting his bed and regressing due to the absence of either parents .
Food is running out with no money to buy it , and bills begin coming in that Tish cannot pay .
Her mother sends no money , only a postcard saying that she found her husband , and the two of them are very happy .
In the end , Tish 's mother admits it was a fake .
Soon , Tish falls out with her friends , who do n't understand her home situation and begin taking advantage of her .
Tish begins shoplifting food from her mother 's workplace to survive , sending back bills only half - paid , and looking for a new job , although no one is hiring .
The electricity is turned off , and food is becoming scarcer and scarcer .
Tish then gets a foreclosure notice asking for a $ 200 property tax or else the house will be repossessed , which will leave Tish and Matt homeless .
Meanwhile , Sandy is finally arrested for shoplifting .
Finally , Tish marks an entry in her school journal " Do read this , Mrs. Dunphrey .
" In this last entry , she tells her teacher to read the entire journal and asks for help , so long as she and Matt can stay together .
In a few aftermath letters , Tish writes to Mrs. Dunphrey explaining that she and Matt were placed with her paternal grandparents in Florida , her parents were found and are now in counseling , and life is beginning to get better for her and Matt .
Location .
Many people assume the plot describes a fictional burger chain , however , there is a " Burger Boy " in Columbus , Ohio .
This book likely takes place in Columbus because Ohio is where Margaret Peterson Haddix grew up .

Phyllidiella
Phyllidiella is a genus of sea slugs , dorid nudibranchs , shell - less marine gastropod molluscs in the family Phyllidiidae .
Species .
Species in the genus " Phyllidiella " include :

Zion Episcopal Church and Rectory ( Colton , New York )
Zion Episcopal Church and Rectory is a historic Episcopal church complex located at Colton in St. Lawrence County , New York .
The church was built in 1883 of red Potsdam Sandstone .
It is a gable front building , approximately wide and deep and features an , tower .
The rectory was built about 1900 and is a two - story , clapboard - sided Italianate building on a sandstone foundation .
It is now used as the Colton Town Museum .
Also on the property is a cast-iron urn a cast-iron lamppost dating to the 1880s .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003 .

Kagiso Tshelametsi
Kagiso Tshelametsi ( born 7 July 1980 ) is a Botswana footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Notwane FC .
He won 12 caps for the Botswana national football team between 2000 and 2006 .

Hans A. Engelhard
Hans Arnold Engelhard ( September 16 , 1934 – March 11 , 2008 ) was a German jurist .
A member of the Free Democratic Party , he served as German Federal Minister of Justice in the Cabinet Kohl I , II , and III , between 1982 and 1991 .
Born in Munich , Engelhard studied law at the University of Erlangen and the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich , and received his second Staatsexamen in 1963 .
Having joined the Free Democratic Party in 1954 , Engelhard won a seat in the Bundestag in the German federal election , 1972 .
In 1981 he succeeded Jürgen Schmude as Federal Minister of Justice of Germany , and served until 1992 .

LionHeart ( registered charity )
LionHeart is a charity , registered in England .
It provides advice and information , counselling and support and , in appropriate circumstances , financial help to past and present Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors ( RICS ) members of all ages and their families who have experienced difficulties in their lives including accident , ill-health or disability , bereavement , unemployment , the separation of families , or difficulties in retirement .
The charity , formerly known as the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors ' Benevolent Fund Limited , was originally set up in 1899 by Robert Vigers ( former President of Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors ) .
LionHeart is self-funded and relies on the generosity of members and firms , who make donations and organise fundraising events to enable it to continue providing support .

Coderush ( disambiguation )
Coderush can refer to :

Ulf Mark Schneider
Ulf Mark Schneider ( born 1965 ) is the current CEO of Fresenius , a $ 26 billion global health care group .
Life and career .
Schneider was born and raised in Germany and became a U.S. citizen in 2003 .
He holds a doctorate in economics from the University of St. Gallen , Switzerland , and an MBA from Harvard Business School .
Schneider joined Fresenius in November 2001 and served as Chief Financial Officer of Fresenius Medical Care before assuming his current position in May , 2003 .
Previously , he was Group Finance Director for Gehe UK plc. , a pharmaceutical wholesale and retail distributor , in Coventry , England .
Schneider held several senior executive positions starting in 1989 with Gehe ’s majority shareholder , Franz Haniel & Cie .
GmbH , a diversified German industrial company .
Under Schneider 's leadership , Fresenius ' revenue has almost tripled , the number of employees has more than tripled and net income has increased approximately eightfold .
Since Schneider became CEO , Fresenius has also carried out a number of major strategic acquisitions : the private hospital chain HELIOS Kliniken in 2005 ; U.S. dialysis provider Renal Care Group , in 2006 ; U.S. pharmaceutical company APP Pharmaceuticals , in 2008 ; Liberty Dialysis , another major dialysis provider in the United States , in 2011 ; and , in 2014 , the purchase of 41 hospitals from Rhön-Klinikum , through which HELIOS became the largest private hospital operator in Germany .
The management challenges of global growth and future strategies in the health care and pharmaceutical industries are of particular interest to Schneider .
Schneider chairs the European Advisory Board of Harvard Business School , and serves on the Board of Directors of the American chemical company DuPont .

Penstemon gracilentus
Penstemon gracilentus is a species of penstemon known by the common name slender beardtongue .
It is native to the mountains and sagebrush plateau of northeastern California , western Nevada , and southern Oregon , where it grows in forest , woodland , and scrub habitat .
It is a perennial herb producing upright branches to about 65 centimeters in maximum height , the stems developing woody bases .
The leaves are up to 10 centimeters in length and linear or lance - shaped .
The glandular inflorescence produces several tubular purple flowers up to 2 centimeters long .
The mouth of each flower may be hairless or coated in long hairs , and the staminode usually has a coat of yellow hairs .

Odirile Gaolebale
Odirile Gaolebale ( born 14 November 1978 ) is a retired Botswanan footballer .
A goalkeeper , he played once for the Botswana national football team , replacing Phineas Maimela in the 26th minute of a 1-0 loss to Zambia in a World Cup qualifier on 22 April 2000 .

Mustafa al ' Absi
Mustafa al ’ Absi , Ph.D. is a Professor of Behavioral Medicine and the holder of the Max & Mary La Due Pickworth Chair at University of Minnesota Medical School .
Dr. al ' Absi also holds faculty positions at Department of Family Medicine , Department of Biomedical Sciences , Department of Neurosciences , and the Integrated Biological Science Program .
He is the founding director of the Duluth Medical Research Institute ( DMRI ) , the Behavioral Medicine Laboratories , and the Khat Research Program ( KRP .
Dr. al ’ Absi completed his undergraduate education at Cairo University and his doctoral training at the University of Oklahoma in biological psychology with specialization in clinical psychology and behavioral medicine .
After completing his graduate training in 1997 , Dr. al ’ Absi joined the University of Minnesota Medical School .
Dr. al ’ Absi directs research programs focusing on neurobiology of stress , appetite regulation , and addiction .
Dr. al ' Absi 's research programs have been funded by grants from the National Institute of Health , National Institute on Drug Abuse , the National Cancer Institute , the National Health , Lung , and Blood Institute , and the American Heart Association .
In addition , Dr. al ' Absi has chaired various national and international scientific committees and functions , and has received several honorary awards , including the Neal E. Miller Young Investigator Award from the Academy for Behavioral Medicine Research and the Herbert Weiner Early Career Award from the American Psychosomatic Society .
Education .
Undergraduate : Cairo University ; Graduate : University of Oklahoma

Elusion
Elusion was a female R&B group that consisted of two separate sets of identical twin sisters , Tamica and Tanya Johnson , and Michelle and Marie Harris .
They only released one album as a group , " Think About It " in 1998 .
Michelle and Marie were born in San Diego , California while Tamica and Tanya are from Selma , Alabama .
They teamed up to form the group , Elusion .
Their debut album included their mildly received single , " Reality " .
The song has since achieved cult status .
The album is notable for also including production by Missy Elliott before she became famous , on the track titled " Good and Plenty " .
Tanya and Tamica have formed a group called Nubreed .

1st AIBA American 2004 Olympic Qualifying Tournament
The 1st AIBA American 2004 Olympic Boxing Qualifying Tournament was held in Tijuana , Mexico from March 12 to March 20 , 2004 .
It was the first chance for amateur boxers from North - , Central - and South America to qualify for the 2004 Summer Olympics after the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic .
The top two boxers in each weight division gained a place in the Olympics , with the exception of the heavyweight and super heavyweight divisions in which just the winner was entered .
Medal winners .
Qualified .
Light Flyweight ( – 48 kg ) .
Flyweight ( – 51 kg ) .
Bantamweight ( – 54 kg ) .
Featherweight ( – 57 kg ) .
Lightweight ( – 60 kg ) .
Light Welterweight ( – 64 kg ) .
Welterweight ( – 69 kg ) .
Middleweight ( – 75 kg ) .
Light Heavyweight ( – 81 kg ) .
Heavyweight ( – 91 kg ) .
Super Heavyweight ( + 91 kg ) .
References .

Puthenveetil Radhakrishnan
Puthenveetil Radhakrishnan ( born 1949 ) is an Indian sociologist , social critic , social historian , and media person .
Radhakrishnan had his early education in village schools .
He is the author of " Religion , Caste , and State " .
Jaipur : Rawat Publications , 2007 .
ISBN 978-81-316-0063-4 and " Peasant Struggles , Land Reforms , and Social Change : Malabar , 1836-1982 " New Delhi ; Newbury Park , Calif. : Sage Publications , 1989 .
ISBN 978-0-8039-9593-2 .

Adnan Babajić
Adnan Babajić ( born 28 May 1988 ) is a Bosnian singer and television personality , who came to media attention as the winner of talents show " Operacija trijumf " , and thus signed a recording contract for an album for foreign market with Universal Music Group .
Life and career .
Early life and career ( 1988–2008 ) .
Babajić was born and raised in Živinice into a Bosniak family .
Before taking part in " Operacija trijumf " , he appeared in many musical show on television .
Babajić plays piano , drums and accordion , and cites Bryan Adams and Željko Joksimović as his idols .
" Operacija trijumf " ( 2008–09 ) .
The regional reality show for music talents " Operacija trijumf " began on 29 September 2009 on the B92 .
As one of only two contestants from Bosnia and Herzegovina , along with early expelled Jasmina Midžić , Babajić was one of the favourites .
He was once nominated , after performing " Viva Las Vegas " by Elvis Presley " , but beat Milica Majstorović in voting .
Babajić won the competition beating Vukašin Brajić in the final and earned a recording contract with Universal Music Group , although his win was controversial .
He was criticized for performing folk songs , which is characteristic for folk music talents show " Zvezde Granda " .
Upcoming solo album ( 2009–present ) .
Babajić began recording his album for Universal Music Group .
He performed on several concerts with other " Operacija trijumf " contestants , including three concerts in Sava Centar in Belgrade .
Babajić then recorded a single " Srce plače " with Serbian singer Kaya .

Davis Kopi
Davis Kopi ( born 1 December 1971 ) is a Botswana former footballer who played as a defender .
He won two caps for the Botswana national football team in 2000 .

Phyllidiopsis
Phyllidiopsis is a genus of sea slugs , dorid nudibranchs , shell - less marine gastropod molluscs and is the largest genus within the family Phyllidiidae .
The species in this genus differ from the other genera in this family by possessing an elongate foregut .
Distribution .
These nudibranchs can be found in the tropical Indo-Pacific region , the eastern Pacific region , in the Red Sea , in the Caribbean Sea and a few in the Northwest Atlantic Ocean .
About half of the described species can be found in deep waters .
Among these deep-water sea slugs , there is a group of white species , lacking all contrasting colors .
Species .
There are presently about 30 species in the genus " Phyllidiopsis " including : A maximum - parsimony analysis of the nucleotide sequence of the 16S mtDNA gene , performed in 2003 , has shown that the genus " Phyllidiopsis " is paraphyletic .

Penstemon grinnellii
Penstemon grinnellii is a species of penstemon known by the common name Grinnell 's beardtongue .
It is endemic to California , where it can be found in several mountain ranges from those around the San Francisco Bay Area to the Sierra Nevada to the Peninsular Ranges near the Mexican border .
It is a perennial herb producing upright stems growing to 85 centimeters in maximum height .
The leaves are oblong , up to 9 centimeters in length , folded lengthwise and curved backward .
The glandular inflorescence produces several tubular purple - tinged white or violet flowers 1 to 2 centimeters long .
The mouth of the flower has three lower lobes streaked with dark lines , a hairy throat and a long - haired , protruding staminode .

Stana
Stana may refer to :

RecordSetter
RecordSetter , formerly known as the Universal Record Database ( URDB ) , is a social media website containing a collection of world records created by the public and evaluated by staff and visitors to the site .
The site and associated record attempts have been featured on various radio and television shows including NBC comedy talk show " Late Night with Jimmy Fallon " , " The Tyra Banks Show " , MTVs " It 's On with Alexa Chung " and appearances on " Good Morning America " , " CNN " , " CBS Sunday Morning " and the " NSFW Show " on TWiT.tv .
History .
The community formed in 2004 as a theme camp named " Playa Book of Records ( PBR ) " at the Burning Man festival north of Reno , NV .
The official website was first registered in February 2008 , and launched in November 2008 founded by co-founders Dan Rollman and Corey Henderson .
The company holds regular live events under the name " RecordSetter LIVE !
" and have a web video series , " The RecordSetter World Record Show " .
Co-Founder Dan Rollman was inspired by various aspects of the Guinness Book of Records , combined with Wikipedia and YouTube where users can invent and upload their own records and describes the site as " an open platform for world records , built on a belief that everyone on earth can be the world 's best at something " .
Their yellow suit jacket uniform is inspired by those worn on television 's Wide World of Sports .
In 2011 , RecordSetter receives over 1,000 world record submissions each month .
The site notes , " RecordSetter is built on a philosophy that everyone on earth can be the world 's best at something .
Our goal is to build a site where all such achievements can live .
" Guidelines specify that " Every submission must be a : quantifiable , b : breakable , and c : include indisputable media evidence .
" Notable record holders .
Some record submissions have included those from A-list celebritiesand other television and radio personalities usually performed as part of the television show " Late Night with Jimmy Fallon " or as part of the " World Record Appreciation Society " .
These have included record entries by : Book .
In November , 2011 , the Workman Publishing Company released " The RecordSetter Book of World Records : More Than 300 Extraordinary Feats by Ordinary People " by Corey Henderson and Dan Rollman .
In addition to Food & Drink Records , Sports & Games Records , Records set by ( not-so ) average Joes , and Records set by Celebrities , the volume includes tips and wisdom on how to set a world record of your own .

List of Chronicles of the Cursed Sword chapters
Chronicles of the Cursed Sword manhwa summaries by volume .

United States Senate election in New York , 1909
The 1909 United States Senate election in New York was held on January 19 , 1909 , by the New York State Legislature to elect a U.S. Senator ( Class 3 ) to represent the State of New York in the United States Senate .
Background .
Republican Thomas C. Platt had been re-elected to this seat in 1903 , and his term would expire on March 3 , 1909 .
At the State election in November 1908 , 35 Republicans and 16 Democrats were elected for a two-year term ( 1909-1910 ) in the State Senate ; and 99 Republicans and 51 Democrats were elected for the session of 1909 to the Assembly .
The 132nd New York State Legislature met from January 5 to April 30 1909 , at Albany , New York .
Candidates .
Republican caucus .
The Republican caucus met on January 18 .
State Senator J. Mayhew Wainwright presided .
The caucus nominated U.S. Secretary of State Elihu Root unanimously .
Root was the choice of President Theodore Roosevelt .
President pro tempore of the State Senate John Raines lauded warmly Root 's nomination , eulogized the retiring U.S. Senator Platt , and declared war on Governor Charles Evans Hughes 's reforms .
Democratic caucus .
The Democratic caucus met also on January 18 .
They nominated Ex - Lieutenant Governor Lewis S. Chanler unanimously .
Chanler had been elected Lieutenant Governor in 1906 on the Democratic / Independence League ticket , and had served under Republican Governor Hughes .
Chanler had just been defeated when running against Hughes for Governor in November 1908 .
Result .
Elihu Root was the choice of both the Assembly and the State Senate , and was declared elected .
Note : The votes were cast on January 19 , but both Houses met in a joint session on January 20 to compare nominations , and declare the result .
Aftermath .
Root resigned as U.S. Secretary of State on January 27 , 1909 , and was succeeded by his Assistant Secretary Robert Bacon for the remaining five weeks of Roosevelt 's presidency .
Root then served a single term and remained in the U.S. Senate until March 3 , 1915 , when he retired .
After the 74 - day deadlock to elect a successor to U.S. Senator Chauncey M. Depew in 1911 , the U.S. Constitution was amended , and at the State election in November 1914 , for the first time a U.S. Senator was elected by statewide popular vote .
James Wolcott Wadsworth , Jr. won the nomination in the Republican primary election , and was then elected to succeed Root .

NS-398
NS-398 is a COX-2 inhibitor used in the study of the function of cyclooxygenases .

2009–10 Georgian Cup
2009–10 Georgian Cup was the sixty-sixth season overall and twentieth since independence of the Georgian annual football tournament .
The competition began on 25 August 2009 and ended with the Final on 26 May 2010 .
The defending champions were Dinamo Tbilisi .
Round of 32 .
These matches were played on 25 and 26 August and 16 September 2009 .
Round of 16 .
In this round entered 12 winners from the previous round as well as four teams that finished first , second , third and fourth in last year 's Umaglesi Liga : WIT Georgia , Dinamo Tbilisi , Olimpi Rustavi and Zestafoni .
The matches were played on 21 October 2009 .
Quarterfinals .
The eight winners from the previous round play in this round .
The first legs were played on 3 November 2009 and the second legs were played on 1 and 2 December 2009 .
Semifinals .
The four winners from the previous round played in this round .
The first legs were played on 23 March 2010 and the second legs were played on 14 April 2010 .

Lovemore Mokgweetsi
Lovemore Mokgweetsi ( born 9 October 1974 ) is a Botswanan footballer who plays as a defender for TAFIC .
He played for the Botswana national football team in 2000 , including a 1-0 loss to Zambia in World Cup qualifying on 22 April 2000 .

Dr. Holl
Dr. Holl is a 1951 West German drama film directed by Rolf Hansen .
At the 1st Berlin International Film Festival it won the Certificate of Honour award .
Plot .
The industrialist Alberti is an very wealthy man , but is concerned about Angelika , his fragile , anemic daughter .
She is terminally ill and frequently bedridden .
Alberti would give all his wealth if he could do anything for Angelika .
Alberti had consulted any doctors about his daughter 's case , but every effort was in vain .
The doctors have long given up .
But to " give up " does not appear in the vocabulary of Angelika 's father .
Only in the medical student Helga , who earns her living as a nurse , does he find an ally .
Helga is as good as gold , and she has a fiancé , Dr. Holl , a medical researcher , who works day and night in the laboratory .
Holl appears to be well on its way to becoming a great doctor .
When he learns of the " hopeless " case of Angelika Alberti , he determines to focus entirely on it .
Helga persuades Holl to go with her to the home of Alberti and continue his research there .
In the old Alberti , Holl and Helga find a generous benefactor for all their expenses , including construction of a medical laboratory .
Angelika , who knows nothing of the relationship between Holl and Helga , falls in love with her benefactor , Dr. Holl .
Unselfishly , Helga is willing to allow Holl to marry Angelika , so that she might die in the intoxication of happiness .
Because of Angelika 's condition , Helga is confident that this marriage is unlikely to continue indefinitely .
Out of pity Holl falls in love with Angelika .
However , Dr. Holl 's research succeeds in developing a medicine that can save Angelika , who becomes healthier day by day .
She begins to play the piano and sings .
Helga is in disbelief , as she had never imagined such an outcome .
Soon , however , Helga begins to realize that Angelika is taking away her fiancé , as she becomes healthier with every passing day .
Finally Holl who is considering to make a hasty retreat , slipped her and Helga are grudgingly him free .
The old Alberti so excited by Angelika 's recovery and the prospect of his formerly sick daughter marrying her her dream man , that he seeks to financially compensate Helga for her loss .
Alberti offers to donate an entire hospital to Helga .
Helga a very modern woman of 1951 , decides to take this opportunity to undertake a professional career .

Adoptive cell transfer
Adoptive cell transfer is the transfer of cells into a patient .
The cells may have originated from the patient him - or herself and then been altered before being transferred back , or , they may have come from another individual .
The cells are most commonly derived from the immune system , with the goal of transferring improved immune functionality and characteristics along with the cells back to the patient .
Transferring autologous cells , or cells from the patient , minimizes graft-versus-host disease ( GVHD ) or what is more casually described as tissue or organ rejection .
History .
In the 1960s , lymphocytes were discovered to be the mediators of allograft rejection in animals .
Attempts to use T cells to treat transplanted murine tumors required cultivating and manipulating T cells in culture .
Syngeneic lymphocytes were transferred from rodents heavily immunized against the tumor to inhibit growth of small established tumors , the first example of ACT .
Description of T cell growth factor interleukin-2 ( IL-2 ) in 1976 allowed T lymphocytes to be grown " in vitro " , often without loss of effector functions .
High doses of IL-2 could inhibit tumor growth in mice .
1982 studies demonstrated that intravenous immune lymphocytes could treat bulky subcutaneous FBL3 lymphomas .
Administration of IL-2 after cell transfer enhanced therapeutic potential .
In 1985 IL-2 administration produced durable tumor regressions in some patients with metastatic melanoma .
Lymphocytes infiltrating into the stroma of growing , transplantable tumors provided a concentrated source of tumor - infiltrating lymphocytes ( TIL ) and could stimulate regression of established lung and liver tumors .
In 1986 human TILs from resected melanomas were found to contain cells the could recognize autologous tumors .
In 1988 autologous TILs were shown to reduce metastatic melanoma tumors .
Tumor - derived TILs are generally mixtures of CD8 + and CD4 + T cells with few major contaminating cells .
Israeli scientist Zelig Eshhar published a study in 1989 in which he replaced the T cell’ s natural receptor .
Responses were often of short duration and faded days after administration .
In 2002 , lymphodepletion using a nonmyeloablative chemotherapy regimen administered immediately before TIL transfer increased cancer regression , as well as the persistent oligoclonal repopulation of the host with the transferred lymphocytes .
In some patients , the administered antitumor cells represented up to 80 % of the CD8 + T cells months after the infusion .
Initially , melanoma was the only cancer that reproducibly yielded useful TIL cultures .
In 2006 administration of normal circulating lymphocytes transduced with a retrovirus encoding a T-cell receptor ( TCR ) that recognized the MART-1 melanoma - melanocyte antigen , mediated tumor regression .
In 2010 administration of lymphocytes genetically engineered to express a chimeric antibody receptor ( CAR ) against B cell antigen CD19 was shown to mediate regression of an advanced B cell lymphoma .
In 2009 , a woman given T cells engineered to recognize colon cancer suddenly went into respiratory distress and soon died .
By 2010 , doctors had begun treating leukemia patients with CD19 - targeting T cells with added DNA to stimulate cell division .
As of 2015 trials had treated about 350 leukemia and lymphoma patients .
Antigen CD19 appears nowhere in the body except on B cells , which go awry in lymphoma and leukemia .
Loss of B cells can be countered with immunoglobulin .
In August 2012 , Novartis donated $ 20 million to the University of Pennsylvania to build a cell - therapy center , based on data from three patients .
Startups including Juno exploit the combination of aggressive tumors and FDA willingness to approve potential therapies for such ailments to accelerate approvals for new therapies .
To date , engineered T cells seem to quickly disappear from many patients .
However , genetic engineering has allowed T cells to disable molecules called PD-L1 that turn T cells off , called checkpoint therapy .
Ten minute , single dose treatments costing $ 500,000 would be far less expensive than 2015 US hospital costs , which can exceed $ 2 million for a single leukemia patient .
Process .
In melanoma , a resected melanoma specimen is digested into a single-cell suspension or divided into multiple tumor fragments .
The result is individually grown in IL-2 .
Lymphocytes overgrow .
They destroy the tumors in the sample within 2 to 3 weeks .
They then produce pure cultures of lymphocytes that can be tested for reactivity against other tumors , in coculture assays .
Individual cultures are then expanded in the presence of IL-2 and excess irradiated Anti - CD3 antibodies .
The latter targets the epsilon subunit within the human CD3 complex of the TCR .
5–6 weeks after resecting the tumor , up to 1011 lymphocytes can be obtained .
Prior to infusion , a lymphodepleting preparative regimen is undergone , typically 60 mg/kg cyclophosphamide for 2 days and 25 mg/m2 fludarabine administered for 5 days .
This substantially increases infused cell persistence and the incidence and duration of clinical responses .
Then cells and IL-2 at 720,000 IU/kg to tolerance are infused .
Interleukin-21 may play an important role in enhancing the efficacy of T cell based " in vitro " therapies .
In early trials , preparing engineered T cells cost $ 75,000 to manufacture cells for each patient .
Genetic engineering .
Antitumor receptors genetically engineered into normal T cells can be used for therapy .
T cells can be redirected by the integration of genes encoding either conventional alpha - beta TCRs or CARs .
CARs were pioneered in the late 1980s and can be constructed by linking the variable regions of the antibody heavy and light chains to intracellular signaling chains such as CD3-zeta , potentially including costimulatory domains encoding CD28 or CD137 .
CARs can provide recognition of cell surface components not restricted to major histocompatibility complexes ( MHC ) .
They can be introduced into T cells with high efficiency using viral vectors .
Improved antitumor responses have been seen in mouse and monkey models using T cells in early differentiation stages ( such as naïve or central memory cells ) .
CD8 + T cells follow a progressive pathway of differentiation from naïve T cells into central and effector memory populations .
CD8 + T cells paradoxically lose antitumor power as they acquire the ability to lyse target cells and to produce the cytokine interferon - γ , qualities otherwise thought to be important for antitumor efficacy .
Differentiation state is inversely related to proliferation and persistence .
Age is negatively correlated with clinical effectiveness .
CD8 + T cells can exist in a stem cell–like state , capable of clonal proliferation .
Human T memory stem cells express a gene program that enables them to proliferate extensively and differentiate into other T cell populations .
CD4 + T cells can also promote tumor rejection .
CD4 + T cells enhance CD8 + T cell function and can directly destroy tumor cells .
Evidence suggests that T helper 17 cells can promote sustained antitumor immunity .
Context .
Neither tumor bulk nor metastasis site affect the likelihood of achieving a complete cancer regression .
Of 34 complete responders in two trials , one recurred .
Only one patient with complete regression received more than one treatment .
Prior treatment with targeted therapy using Braf inhibitor vemurafenib ( Zelboraf ) did not affect the likelihood that melanoma patients would experience an objective response .
Prior failed immunotherapies did not reduce the odds of objective response .
Stem cells .
An emerging treatment modality for various diseases is the transfer of stem cells .
Clinically , this approach has been exploited to transfer either immune - promoting or tolerogenic cells ( often lymphocytes ) to either enhance immunity against viruses and cancer or to promote tolerance in the setting of autoimmune disease , such as Type I diabetes or rheumatoid arthritis .
Cells used in adoptive therapy may be genetically modified using recombinant DNA technology .
One example of this in the case of T cell adoptive therapy is the addition of chimeric antigen receptors , or CARs , to redirect the specificity of cytotoxic and helper T cells .
Applications .
Cancer .
The adoptive transfer of autologous tumor infiltrating lymphocytes ( TIL ) or genetically re-directed peripheral blood mononuclear cells has been used to treat patients with advanced solid tumors , including melanoma and colorectal carcinoma , as well as patients with CD19 - expressing hematologic malignancies .
As of 2015 the technique had expanded to treat cervical cancer , lymphoma , leukemia , bile duct cancer and neuroblastoma .
Autoimmune disease .
The transfer of regulatory T cells has been used to treat Type 1 diabetes and others .
Trial results .
Trials began in the 1990s and accelerated beginning in 2010 .
Solid tumors .
The lack of surface antigens that are not found on essential normal tissues restricts the use of CARs on solid tumors .
Exceptions include neuroblastomas express GD2 .
Common epithelial solid cancers account for ~90 % of all cancer fatalities .
ACT for such cancers is limited by the lack of suitable / exclusive targets .
Searches for monoclonal antibodies that can target solid cancers have continued for more than 30 years , with limited success .
Safety .
Toxicity .
Targeting normal , nonmutated antigenic targets that are expressed on normal tissues , but overexpressed on tumors has led to severe on - target , off - tumor toxicity .
Toxicity was encountered in patients who received high - avidity TCRs that recognized either the MART-1 or gp100 melanoma - melanocyte antigens , in mice when targeting melanocyte antigens , in patients with renal cancer using a CAR targeting carbonic anhydrase 9 , in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer .
Toxicities can also result when previously unknown cross - reactivities are seen that target normal self - proteins expressed in vital organs .
Cancer - testes antigen MAGE-A3 is not known to be expressed in any normal tissues .
However , targeting an HLA-A* 0201 – restricted peptide in MAGE-A3 caused severe damage to gray matter in the brain , because this TCR also recognized a different but related epitope that is expressed at low levels in the brain .
CARs are potentially toxic to self - antigens was observed after infusion of CAR T cells specific for ERBB2 .
Two patients died when treated with an HLA-A1 – restricted MAGE-A3 – specific TCR whose affinity was enhanced by a site-specific mutagenesis .
Cancer - testis antigens are a family of intracellular proteins that are expressed during fetal development , but little expression in normal adult tissues .
More than 100 such molecules are epigenetically up - regulated in from 10 to 80 % of cancer types .
However , they lack high levels of protein expression .
Approximately 10 % of common cancers appear to express enough protein to be of interest for antitumor T cells .
Low levels of some cancer - testes antigens are expressed on normal tissues , with associated toxicities .
The NYESO-1 cancer - testes antigen has been targeted via a human TCR transduced into autologous cells .
ORs were seen in 5 of 11 patients with metastatic melanoma and 4 of 6 patients with highly refractory synovial cell sarcoma .
“ Suicide switches ” let doctors kill engineered T cells given serious problems .
Cytokine release syndrome .
Cytokine release syndrome is another side effect and can be a function of therapeutic effectiveness .
As the tumor is destroyed , it turns into large quantities of smaller molecules that have proven fatal to at least seven patients .
B cells .
Molecules shared among tumors and nonessential normal organs represent potential ACT targets , despite the related toxicity .
For example the CD19 molecule is expressed on more than 90 % of B cell malignancies and on non - plasma B cells at all differentiation stages and has been successfully used to treat patients with follicular lymphoma , large - cell lymphomas , chronic lymphocytic leukemia and acute lymphocytic leukemia .
Toxicity against CD19 results in B cell loss in circulation and in bone marrow that can be overcome by periodic immunoglobulin infusions .
Multiple other B cell antigens are being studied as targets , including CD22 , CD23 , ROR-1 and the immunoglobulin light - chain idiotype expressed by the individual cancer .
CARs targeting either CD33 or CD123 have been studied as a therapy for patients with acute myeloid leukemia , though the expression of these molecules on normal precursors can lead to prolonged myeloablation .
BCMA is a tumor necrosis factor receptor family protein expressed on mature B cells and plasma cells and can be targeted on multiple myeloma .

John F. Fitzpatrick
John Francis Fitzpatrick was the publisher of " The Salt Lake Tribune " from 1924 to 1960 .
He created the Newspaper Agency Corporation ( NAC ) in 1952 .
Early life .
Fitzpatrick was born January 18 , 1887 , in Pottsville , Pennsylvania .
His father was a railroad engineer .
After participating in a strike , his father was blacklisted , and the family moved to Burlington , Iowa .
Fitzpatrick graduated from Burlington High School and went to work for the railroad industry , including the Pere Marquette railroad .
He lived in Salt Lake City , Utah for a short time in 1910 .
He was working as a railroad clerk when Thomas Kearns , former U.S. Senator from Utah ( 1901–05 ) , mining , banking , railroad and newspaper magnate , bought " The Salt Lake Tribune " in 1901 , founded the " Salt Lake Telegram " and hired Fitzpatrick as his personal secretary in 1913 .
Fitzpatrick married Eleanor F. Crawford in 1914 .
Fitzpatrick 's grandson , Timothy Fitzpatrick , is the deputy editor and editorial page editor of The Salt Lake Tribune ( 2013 ) .
Publisher .
Following the death of Kearns in 1918 , Fitzpatrick worked with the business manager and brother-in-law of Kearns , Frank J. Westcott .
Fitzpatrick had a close relationship with Jennie Judge Kearns , owner of the " Tribune " and president of the Kearns Corporation .
Fitzpatrick also reported to her son , Thomas F. Kearns , who remained president of the " Tribune " .
Fitzpatrick officially became publisher of the " Tribune " upon the death of Ambrose McKay in 1924 .
" The Salt Lake Tribune " had been the voice of the opposition to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) , which owns the other daily paper in Salt Lake City , the " Deseret News " .
Confrontations between the " Deseret News " and the " Tribune " eased somewhat during the " Tribune " regime of Thomas Kearns , flaring only occasionally .
When Fitzpatrick became " Tribune " publisher , " the savage salvos ended once and for ll .
" Fitzpatrick 's legacy as the architect of accommodation between members of the LDS Church and non-Mormons in Salt Lake was such that his obituary in " Time Magazine " was titled " The Peacemaker .
" In 1937 , Fitzpatrick hired his eventual successor , John W. Gallivan .
Newspaper Agency Corporation .
By 1947 , the " Tribune 's " circulation had increased to 87,237 , while that of the " Deseret News " had fallen to 40,485 .
The " Deseret News " was in trouble , so in 1948 , the " Deseret News " started Sunday publication , and a circulation war began .
Both papers pushed hard to increase circulation over the next four years , with aggressive promotions that included prize giveaways .
Fitzpatrick had secretly negotiated agreements leading up to the founding of the NAC and the joint operation agreements .
Additionally in 1952 , Thomas F. Kearns , president and controlling owner of " The Salt Lake Tribune " the second of Senator Kearns 's four children , decided to get out of the newspaper business .
Fitzpatrick needed to sell off of company assets to acquire Kearns 's 40 percent interest , or control of the paper would fall out of family hands .
The accommodation reached in 1952 , with the " Deseret News " solved this problem for the " Tribune " .
For the " Deseret News " , it allowed its continued survival .
The " Deseret News " and the " Tribune " entered into a joint operating agreement whereby they combined the advertising and printing business of the two papers ; editorially they remained separate .
The new joint publisher was incorporated as the NAC , and Fitzpatrick was its first president and architect .
David O .
McKay , president of the LDS Church , viewed this as the only way the church-owned " Deseret News " could survive .
As part of the deal , The " Tribune " sold the afternoon paper , " The Salt Lake Telegram , " to the " Deseret News " ; this gave Fitzpatrick the funds to buy out Thomas F. Kearns , the largest stockholder of the Kearns Corporation , owner of " the Tribune " .
The " Deseret News " went to evening publication , and stopped publishing on Sunday .
Later years .
In 1957 , the " Tribune " won a Pulitzer Prize for coverage of an airline collision over the Grand Canyon .
Fitzpatrick also become an important civic leader .
He met every Tuesday morning with McKay and Gus P. Backman , the secretary of the Salt Lake Chamber of Commerce .
These breakfast meetings started with the creation of the Centennial Commission in the early 1940s , and continued until Fitzpatrick 's death .
Fitzpatrick died of a heart attack in his home on September 11 , 1960 .
The next day , in an emergency board meeting the Kearns - Tribune Corporation board elected John W. Gallivan , as Fitzpatrick 's had not chosen successor , as president of the corporation and publisher of the " Tribune " .
The LDS Church 's First Presidency also endorsed Gallivan as president of the NAC .

Reticulidia
Reticulidia is a genus of sea slugs , dorid nudibranchs , shell - less marine gastropod molluscs in the family Phyllidiidae .
Species .
Species in the genus " Reticulidia " include :

Penstemon heterodoxus
Penstemon heterodoxus is a species of penstemon known by the common name Sierra beardtongue .
It is native to California and western Nevada where it grows in several of the mountain ranges from the Klamath Mountains to the Sierra Nevada - and the slopes and plateaus to the east .
It grows in subalpine and alpine climates in mountain forests , meadows and talus .
Description .
" Penstemon heterodoxus " is a perennial herb growing stems upright 65 centimeters in maximum height or in a low , spreading mat .
The leaves are lance - shaped to oblong , the upper pairs sometimes clasping the stem .
The glandular inflorescence is made up of 1 to 6 separate clusters of dark purple-blue tubular flowers each just over a centimeter long .
The outer surface of the flower generally has glandular hairs , and on the inside there are hairs on the floor of the flower mouth and on the staminode .

Piedmontese regional election , 2010
The Piedmontese regional election of 2010 took place on 28–29 March 2010 , as part of Italy 's round of regional elections .
The incumbent President of the Region , Mercedes Bresso of the centre-left Democratic Party , lost her seat to Roberto Cota , leader of Lega Piemont and floor leader of Lega Nord in the Italian Chamber of Deputies , who was backed also by The People of Freedom .
Cota 's lead of Bresso was of only 0.4 % , in one of the Region 's narrowest elections ever .
The League thus secured a second region , after having conquered the presidency of Veneto with Luca Zaia with a much more convincing margin .
Background .
Bresso was one of the last bulwarks of the centre-left in Central Italy and thus all the Democratic Party endorsed her in a key test of the coalition 's strength after two years in opposition in Rome .
For his part , Cota 's choice was a little bit surprising as Piedmont is not really a stronghold for his party , which is much stronger in Veneto and Lombardy .
The day after his bid was announced , Cota explained that it is time to rewrite the history of Italian unification , that was led by the Kingdom of Sardinia under the House of Savoy .
Cota underlined that Piedmont was once an independent state and told that even Camillo Benso di Cavour did not intend to unify the whole Italian Peninsula and later favoured a federal reform of the new Kingdom of Italy .
For these reasons Cota , who is a republican and has no nostalgia of the House of Savoy , says his message will do well in Piedmont and that he will overcome the weakness of Lega Piemont ( that usually gets far less votes than Liga Veneta in Veneto and Lega Lombarda in Lombardy ) .
In Cota 's view , most of his support will come from industrial workers , including those of Southern descent , and Catholics , embarrassed by Bresso 's secularism .
However , the Union of the Centre , whose main aim in the election was to fight back Lega Nord , chose to support Bresso , turning down the chance of running its own candidate ( Michele Vietti was the most likely ) .
Most Catholic voters disagreed .
Results .

Carbon County School District Number 1
Carbon County School District #1 is a public school district based in Rawlins , Wyoming , United States .
Geography .
Carbon County School District #1 serves the western portion of Carbon County and a small portion of northeastern Sweetwater County , including the following communities : Administration .
The superintendent of Carbon County School District One as of 2012 is Neil Terhune .
Student demographics .
The following figures are as of October 1 , 2009 .

Busang Rasefako
Busang Rasefako ( born 17 March 1972 ) is a Botswana former footballer who played as a midfielder .
He played for the Botswana national football team between 2000 and 2003 .

Western Sydney University School of Medicine
The Western Sydney University School of Medicine is a constituent body of the College of Health and Science at Western Sydney University , Australia .
It became the third medical school offering degrees for medical practice in Sydney .
In 2007 the Bachelor of Medicine / Bachelor of Surgery ( MBBS ) degree was offered for the first time .
It is hoped that many of the School 's graduates will practice in the Western Sydney region , in order to redress the shortage of healthcare professionals in the area .
The Medical School is located on the University 's Campbelltown campus .
Clinical schools .
Clinical teaching of the School of Medicine is imparted at following medical hospitals :

Château des Rohan ( Mutzig )
The Château des Rohan ( " Castle of the Rohan " ) is a former castle and weapons factory now serving as a museum and cultural centre in the French town of Mutzig , Bas-Rhin , Alsace .
The castle , whose structure goes back to the 13th century , belonged to several families of noblemen and bishops of Strasbourg before being turned into a rifle factory after the French Revolution .
The castle is most famously associated with the House of Rohan and the Chassepot rifle .
History .
Mutzig 's castle 's history goes back to the fortification of the town in 1274 by Rudolph of Habsburg .
The medieval castle , a " Wasserburg " ( i.e. surrounded by a moat derived from a canal ) was heavily destroyed by the Swedes in 1632 , during the Thirty Years ' War , after having already been assaulted by Ernst von Mansfeld 's troops in 1622 .
The city 's and castle 's masters , during these times marked by frequent battles and rivalries between feudal families , were alternatively and sometimes simultaneously the bishops of Strasbourg and the House of Zweibrücken .
The castle as it now appears is a Baroque structure .
It was inaugurated in its present shape in 1673 to serve as the residence of the bishop of Strasbourg , Franz Egon of Fürstenberg .
Fürstenberg was succeeded by his brother Wilhelm Egon .
After the family of Rohan took over the bishopric of Strasbourg , the castle served as a residence to the dukes Armand Gaston , François-Armand , Louis Constantin and Louis René Édouard de Rohan , between 1704 and 1790 .
However , after the completion of the Palais Rohan of Strasbourg in 1742 , the château , which had already been rivalled by the residences in Saverne , became only of secondary importance to the family .
Mutzig 's castle was disowned and pillaged during the French Revolution .
In 1799 , it was bought by the arms manufacturers , brothers Coulaux of Klingenthal , Bas-Rhin , who , on 20 .
April 1801 , opened their weapons factory in its walls .
The factory ran until the outbreak of the Franco-Prussian War in 1870 .
It is there , in the " Manufacture d' Armes de Mutzig " ( also known as " Manufacture impériale de Mutzig " ) that the native of Mutzig , Antoine Alphonse Chassepot fabricated some of his famous rifles , one of the most advanced fireweapons of its time .
The castle was fortified again by the Germans in 1893 .
Today , the castle houses a cinema and a library as well as , since 1996 , the municipal museum " Musée régional d' armes " ( previously , since 1977 , the " Musée des Rohan " ) displaying a vast collection of historic rifles .
The castle is listed as a " Monument historique " since 1976 by the French Ministry of Culture .

Kingdom of Noise
Kingdom of Noise is a studio album by the Welsh psychedelic/progressive rock band Man and was released 9 June 2009 .
This is the second of studio releases not to feature any of the original members and the first to feature drummer Rene Robrahn

Flag of Magdalena Department
The flag of Magdalena is the official flag of the department of Magdalena , Colombia .
It consists of a flag of six horizontal stripes in red and blue , the colors of the flag have different meanings , one of these is that red is for the blood spilled by the patriots throughout its history in the pursuit of freedom , and blue for the waters that surrounds it .
Red and blue also represent integrity and firmness of the Magdaleniense ’s soul .
The colors are also used in the logo and uniform of the Unión Magdalena , the department ’s soccer team , and appear in the Coat of arms of Magdalena as well .

Lombard regional election , 2010
The Lombard regional election of 2010 took place on 28–29 March 2010 .
The 9th term of the Regional Council was chosen .
Roberto Formigoni , who was the longest-serving President of Region in Italy along with Giancarlo Galan of Veneto , obtained a historic fourth consecutive term .
His opponent was Filippo Penati , a Democrat , who was President of the Province of Milan from 2004 to 2009 .
Lega Lombarda , that is to say the regional section of Lega Nord in Lombardy , backed Formigoni in return of the support granted by The People of Freedom to Lega Nord candidates in Veneto ( Luca Zaia ) and Piedmont ( Roberto Cota ) .
Minor candidates who were running were Savino Pezzotta for the Union of the Centre , Vito Crimi for Beppe Grillo 's movement , Vittorio Agnoletto for the Communist Refoundation Party and Gianmario Invernizzi for New Force .
Marco Cappato for the Italian Radicals did not gain enough signatures to back his candidature .
Electoral law .
Lombardy uses national " Tatarella Law " of 1995 to elect its Council , not having written an own legislation .
Sixty-four councillors are elected in provincial constituencies by proportional representation using the largest remainder method with a Droop quota and open lists ; remained seats and votes are grouped at regional level where a Hare quota is used , and then distributed to provincial party lists .
Sixteen councillors are elected at-large using a general ticket : parties are grouped in alliances , and the alliance which receives a plurality of votes elects all its candidates , its leader becoming the President of Lombardy .
If a coalition wins more than 50 % of the total seats in the Council with PR , only 8 candidates from the regional list will be chosen and the number of those elected in provincial constituencies will be 72 ; if the winning alliance receives less than 50 % of votes , special seats are added to the Council to ensure a large majority for the President 's coalition .
Council apportionment .
According to the official 2001 Italian census , the 64 Council seats which must be covered by proportional representation are so distributed between Lombard provinces .
The allocation is not fixed .
Remaining seats and votes after proportional distribution , are all grouped at regional level and divided by party lists .
The consequent division of these seats at provincial level usually change the original apportionment .
Only 43 seats were directly assigned at provincial level , and the final distribution between provinces changed in this way .
As it can be seen , the landslide victory of Formigoni 's Alliance caused the distribution of seven more seats to the oppositions at provincial level .
Bergamo and Brescia received two new seats , Lecco and Milan and Sondrio one each .
Controversies on Formigoni 's candidature .
Formigoni 's candidature , which allowed him a 4th mandate , has been contested by academics and left-wing politicians , as in disregard of Law n .
165/2004 , that put a limit of two subsequent mandates to directly-elected Region Presidents .
Formigoni was indirectly elected in 1995 , but then directly elected in 2000 and 2005 .
He defends himself stating that the law was not in action when he was first directly elected in 2000 , so he should be allowed a 4th mandate .
After re-election , his mandate may be overturned by judges later on .
Formigoni also sparked controversies when agreeing to put in his majority - premium list , granting her safe election , Nicole Minetti , former showgirl and actual dental hygienist of Silvio Berlusconi , who asked for a political seat for her .
Results .
2010 election led to the return to the guide of the Region , for its fourth consecutive term , Communion and Liberation 's Roberto Formigoni , supported by the center-right coalition .
If the mechanisms of electoral law generated a Regional Council very similar to the incumbent one speaking about coalitions , the most relevant change was the five new seats conquered by the League , which obtained its best performance ever .
More , the League was strangely penalized by the electoral law , having conquered less seats than as it would be with a proportional representation .
The People of Freedom was confirmed as the largest party in the region with 32 % of the vote , despite a decline of three points , while Lega Nord took the 26 % and Democratic Party the 23 % .
!
style="background-color:#E9E9E9 " align=left rowspan= 2 valign=bottom | Candidates !
colspan="3 " align = "center " valign=top | Regional lists !
colspan="5 " align = "center " valign=top | Provincial lists !
colspan="2 " align = "center " valign=top | Total !
rowspan="3 " align = "left " valign="top " | Roberto Formigoni !
rowspan="6 " align = "left " valign="top " | Filippo Penati !
rowspan="1 " align = "left " valign="top " | Savino Pezzotta !
rowspan="1 " align = "left " valign="top " | Vito Crimi !
rowspan="1 " align = "left " valign="top " | Vittorio Agnoletto !
rowspan="1 " align = "left " valign="top " | Gianmario Invernizzi !
rowspan="1 " align = "left " valign="top " | Total candidates !
rowspan="1 " align="right " valign="top " | 4, 819,587 !
rowspan="1 " align="right " valign="top " |100.00 !
rowspan="1 " align="right " valign="top " | 9 !
rowspan="1 " align = "left " valign="top " | Total parties !
rowspan="1 " align="right " valign="top " | 4, 263, 026 !
rowspan="1 " align="right " valign="top " |100.00 !
rowspan="1 " align="right " valign="top " | = !
rowspan="1 " align="right " valign="top " | 71 !
rowspan="1 " align="right " valign="top " | 80 !
rowspan="1 " align="right " valign="top " | 80

Patrick Sunday
Patrick Sunday ( born 3 March 1975 ) is a Nigerian footballer who currently plays as a striker for TTM Phichit .
He won one cap for the Nigerian national football team in 2000 .

Adrián Guida
Adrián Nicolás Guida ( Buenos Aires , 26 March 1965 - 12 December 1994 ) was an Argentine tango musician .
His works at Osvaldo Pugliese 's Orchestra were notable , including songs ' Contame una historia ' , ' Bailemos ' and ' Milonga para Gardel ' , featuring Abel Córdoba .
He died from pulmonary edema in 1994 .

Book of Orders
The Book of Orders , distributed to Justices of the Peace by King Charles I of England on 31 January 1631 , has been regarded as the " centre - piece of Charles I 's policies towards the mass of his subjects during his personal rule " , which lasted from 1629 until 1640 .
As described in its introduction , the purpose of " The Book " was to ensure " better administration of justice ... relief of the poor and ... reformation of disorders " , greatly increasing the control of Charles ' government over what had until then been largely local affairs handled by the local gentry .

Anthony Matengu
Anthony Matengu ( born 28 July 1977 ) is a Botswanan footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Botswana Meat Commission FC .
He won his only cap for the Botswana national football team in 2001 .

Marie Grubbe
Marie Grubbe ( 1643–1718 ) was a Danish noble who drew a lot of attention by her love life .
She has been the inspiration for books , plays and operas .
Biography .
Daughter of a statesman , noble Erik Grubbe ( 1605–92 ) and Maren Juul ( 1608–47 ) .
She was married to Ulrik Frederik Gyldenløve , Count of Laurvig ( 1638–1704 ) , viceroy of Norway , the son of King Frederick III of Denmark , in 1660–70 , the noble Palle Dyre ( d .
1707 ) in 1673–91 , and to the coachman Søren Sørensen Møller in 1691 .
As the heir of her father , she was arranged to marry Ulrik Frederik Gyldenløve , Count of Laurvig , the illegitimate son of the king by her relative Regitze , widow of the illegitimate son of king Christian IV of Denmark and Karen Andersdatter .
She followed her first spouse to Oslo in Norway in 1664 .
She had relationships with her husband 's secretary Joachim Lambert , the Frenchman Blanquefort and her brother-in-law Stygge Høeg .
In 1667 , the spouses separated .
As adultery was punishable by death , she thanked her spouse for her life , as he had chosen not to have her killed .
She was divorced by permission of the king in 1670 , and was allowed to remarry and keep her fortune .
In 1673 , her father arranged a new marriage with Palle Dyre .
In 1690 , when she had a relationship with the younger coachman Søren Sørensen Møller , her father asked the king for permission to desinherit her and to have her locked up for the rest of her life .
The king asked her spouse for his wishes , and he answered that he only wished for a divorce .
She was put under house arrest until the divorce was completed , after which she was desinherited and lost her right to marry in Denmark .
She then married her lover Søren Sørensen Møller in Holsten in Germany instead .
The couple lived in poverty until they were given a home near Stubbekøbing on Falster by the Queen dowager Charlotte Amalie of Hesse - Kassel .
After the death of the queen dowager in 1714 , she lived on charity .
She once said to Ludvig Holberg , that she was happier with her third spouse than she had been with any other .
In culture .
Marie Grubbe has inspired many artists since Ludvig Holberg .
She has inspired the books " Kysse-Marie " by Juliane Preisler ( 1994 ) , " Blichers Brudstykker af en Landsbydegns Dagbog " by Steen Steensen ( 1824 ) , " Fru Marie Grubbe " by J. P. Jacobsen , ( 1876 ) and " Hønse-Grethes Familie " by H. C. Andersen ( 1869 ) , the opera " Marie Grubbe " by Ebbe Hamerik ( 1940 ) and a play by Sven Lange .
In 1989/1990 , a three-episode TV mini-series with the title " Marie Grubbe " has been produced in GDR - Polish - Hungarian - Danish co-production , directed by Christian Steinke , starring Austrian actress Mijou Kovacs as Marie Grubbe .

Anheuser-Busch brands
Anheuser-Busch , a wholly owned subsidiary of Anheuser-Busch InBev , is the largest brewing company in the United States , with a market share of 49.2 % as of 2010 .
The company operates 12 breweries in the United States and nearly 20 in other countries .
Brands include " Budweiser " , " Busch " , " Michelob " , " Bud Light " , and " Natural Light " .
Budweiser .
" Budweiser " is a 5.0 % ABV Adjunct pale lager introduced in 1876 by Adolphus Busch and has become one of the best selling beers in the United States .
It is made with up to 30 % rice in addition to hops and barley malt .
Budweiser is produced in various breweries located around the United States and the rest of the world .
It is a filtered beer available in draught and packaged forms .
Lower strength versions are distributed in regions with restrictive alcohol laws .
Bud Light .
Introduced in 1982 as Budweiser Light , Budweiser 's flagship light beer with 4.2 % ABV and .
From 1994 to 1997 , Bud Light aired 30 - second commercials featuring Rob and Laura from the CBS series " The Dick Van Dyke Show " .
Bud Light Platinum .
A slightly sweeter , higher alcohol version of Bud Light launched in early 2012 , with 6 % ABV .
This product is noted for being packaged in a new translucent blue glass bottle .
Bud Light Platinum has 137 calories per 12 ounce serving , 8 fewer than a regular Budweiser .
Bud Light Lime .
Bud Light with lime flavor added .
It has .
Released in May 2008 with 4.2 % alcohol content , the same alcohol content as Bud Light .
Budweiser Select .
Budweiser Select , or Bud Select is a light pale lager that contains 4.3 % ABV and .
Anheuser-Busch has aggressively promoted Budweiser Select .
Its slogan was " The Real Deal " .
The company hired Jay-Z as a spokesman for the brand .
Budweiser Select 55 .
A version of Budweiser Select that contains is " a direct counterstrike to Miller 's MGD 64 " according to Anheuser-Busch officials .
Budweiser currently claims that it is the lightest beer in the world .
The food energy in both Miller 's MGD 64 and Budweiser 's Select 55 have been reduced simply by lowering the fermentables content .
MGD 64 has only 2.8 % alcohol content and some Select 55 states " alcohol content not more than 3.2 % by weight / 4 % by volume " , possibly to allow its sale in areas where that is the limit .
The actual alcohol content of " 55 " is reported to be 2.4 % ABV ; by comparison , most American lagers have around 5 % .
Budweiser 66 .
Budweiser Brew No. 66 is a 4 % alcohol by volume lager that is brewed and distributed in the United Kingdom by InBev UK Limited .
Launched in July 2010 , Budweiser 66 has 84 Calories in a 300 ml serving ( just over 10 oz ) .
Bud Ice .
Introduced in 1994 as " Ice by Budweiser " , it has more alcohol ( 5.5 % ABV ) than Budweiser .
It is best known for an advertising campaign that involved a malevolent penguin that stalked Bud Ice drinkers and stole their beer , announcing its presence by singing the " doo - be - doo - be - doo " phrase from " Strangers in the Night " .
Bud Extra .
A beer with caffeine , ginseng , guarana and alcohol .
It contains 6.6 % ABV .
It was marketed as a caffeinated malt beverage , similar to Sparks .
On June 26 , 2008 , Anheuser-Busch announced that it would remove caffeine and guarana from the beverage in response to concerns that the product was being marketed to consumers under the age of 21 .
Budweiser / Bud Light Chelada .
A blend of Budweiser or Bud Light and Clamato .
This beverage became available nationally in late 2007 .
Bud Light Lime - A - Ritas .
Since 2012 , AB has released a line of 8 % alcohol by volume flavored malt beverages titled " Bud Light Lime Ritas , " with its flagship flavor being the " Lime - a - Rita , " a lime flavored beverage .
The drinks are available in a twenty-five ounce can , as well as a twelve - pack of eight ounce cans .
Since then , AB has released the strawberry-flavored " Straw - Ber - Rita , " the mango flavored " Mang - o - Rita , " and the raspberry flavored " Raz - Ber - Rita .
" For the winter 2013 season , AB released the cranberry - flavored " Cran - Brrr - Rita " as well , and wound up extending it through January and February 2014 due to strong sales .
After the release of the " Mang - o - Rita " and " Raz - Ber - Rita , " A-B released an eighteen - pack case containing six " Lime - a - Ritas , " four " Straw - Ber - Ritas , " four " Mang - o - Ritas , " and four " Raz - Ber - Ritas .
" In August 2014 , A-B released a new fall seasonal extension for their " Rita " line , " Apple - Ahhh - Rita , " an apple-flavored margarita that will be sold until October 2014 .
In February 2015 , A-B released a new summer seasonal extension for their " Rita " line , " Lemon - Ade - Rita , " a lemonade flavored margarita .
Budweiser NA .
Non - alcoholic version of Budweiser developed for the Middle Eastern market .
Also available in Green Apple and Tropical Fruits versions .
Discontinued .
Budweiser American Ale .
Budweiser American Ale debuted in September 2008 .
The beer claims to offer complex taste without much bitterness .
American Ale has a distinctive hoppier flavor than other Anheuser-Busch beers , in an attempt to capture some of the American craft beer market , although most American craft beers are hoppier .
American Ale is the first beer under the Budweiser name that is brewed with a top fermenting yeast .
The beer 's darker color is a departure from the other Budweiser brands .
Production was discontinued prior to 2015 .
Budweiser Brew Masters ' Private Reserve .
Budweiser Brew Masters ' Private Reserve is an all - malt lager with a honey color and robust taste .
It is based on a " Budweiser brewmaster holiday tradition of collecting the richest part of the brew as it is tapped to the brew kettles to toast the holiday season .
" Bud Dry .
Bud Dry was introduced nationally in the U.S. in April 1989 with the slogan of " Why ask why ?
Try Bud Dry .
" It was originally successful in test markets and was expected to be a popular beer with the rise in light lager popularity .
Dry beer is a form of pale lager where the sugars are more fully fermented to give a less sweet beer .
It is also known as the Diat Pils style .
However , after the introduction of Bud Ice in 1994 , Bud Dry was n't heavily marketed .
Production was discontinued in December 2010 .
Bud Ice Light .
Bud Ice Light contains 5.0 % ABV and .
It undergoes fractional freezing , which Bud Light does not undergo .
It was discontinued in 2010 .
Bud Light Golden Wheat .
On October 5 , 2009 , Budweiser officially released Bud Light Golden Wheat , a response to the increase in the amount of wheat beers produced from craft brewers around the country .
This beer has , 8.3 grams of carbohydrates and 4.1 % alcohol by volume .
It is an American Hefeweizen which is based on the classic German Hefeweizen style .
Production was discontinued in 2012 .
Bud Silver .
An attempt to appeal to the tastes of beer drinkers in the United Kingdom , this specially brewed beer contained 4.2 % alcohol by volume .
It was discontinued in 2006 after it failed to meet sales expectations .
Michelob .
" Michelob " is a 5 % abv pale lager developed by Adolphus Busch in 1896 as a " draught beer for connoisseurs " .
It was named for the Czech town of Michalovice .
In 1961 , Anheuser-Busch produced a pasteurized version of " Michelob " which allowed legal shipment of the beer across state lines .
Bottled beer began to be shipped soon after , and the brand was introduced in cans in 1966 .
Bottled " Michelob " was originally sold in a uniquely shaped bottle named the teardrop bottle because it resembled a water droplet .
The teardrop bottle was awarded a medal from the Institute of Design in 1962 .
Five years later the bottle was redesigned for efficiency in the production line .
This bottle was used until 2002 when it was dropped in favor of a traditional bottle .
The teardrop bottle was used again from January 2007 to October 2008 .
Brand variation .
The company introduced " Michelob Light " in 1978 .
" Michelob Classic Dark " was made available in 1981 in kegs , with a bottled version following three years later .
In 1991 , " Michelob Golden Draft " was introduced to compete against " Miller Genuine Draft " in the Midwest .
1997 saw the introduction of several specialty beers under the Michelob marquee .
These include : " AmberBock " is a 5.2 % abv amber lager which uses roasted black barley malt in the ingredients , and which received a World Beer Cup Bronze Medal in 1998 .
From the beginning , the specialty beers have had a very limited distribution .
The chief outlet has been through a " holiday sampler pack " produced during the Christmas holiday season .
Other specialty beers that are no longer in production include Michelob Hefeweizen and Michelob Black & Tan .
Some ( notably " Michelob AmberBock " ) have subsequently gone into larger production , while others have not .
The brewery continues to experiment with specialty beers—in 2005 an oak-aged vanilla beer was sold under the Michelob logo , available in single pints .
In 2006 Michelob added a chocolate beer to the oak-aged vanilla Celebrate holiday season beer released a year earlier .
Michelob also brewed Michelob Bavarian Style Wheat and Michelob Porter for its " holiday sampler pack " .
In 2007 , Michelob launched its Seasonal Specialty Line .
These include : The early 21st century saw in the U.S. a demand for diet beer similar to that of the early 1970s , and in 2002 the Michelob line responded with the introduction of Michelob Ultra , advertised as being low in carbohydrates .
Later Michelob Ultra Amber , a darker , more flavorful beer , was added to this sub - line .
According to a report by Beer Marketer 's Insights and published by " USA Today " on December 9 , 2013 , sales of Michelob Light declined by nearly 70 % between 2007 and 2012 .
The article listed Michelob Light as one of " nine beers many Americans no longer drink .
" " Michelob " 5 % alcohol ; " Michelob Golden Draft " 4.7 % alcohol ; " Michelob Golden Draft Light " 4.3 % alcohol ; " Michelob Ultra " 4.2 % alcohol ; " Michelob Ultra Amber " 4.0 % alcohol ; " Michelob : ULTRA Lime Cactus " A fruit - infused light pilsner with natural lime flavor and a floral essence derived from the cactus ; " Michelob : ULTRA Pomegranate Raspberry " A pilsner with a berry aroma , raspberry flavor , and a hint of pomegranate ; " Michelob : ULTRA Tuscan Orange Grapefruit " A pilsner with fresh juicy orange notes and a slight pink - grapefruit finish .
All fruit flavors have the following nutrition content : 107 calories , 6.0g carbs , 0.5g protein and 0.0g fat , per 12 oz bottle .
Marketing .
Advertisements for " Michelob Ultra " feature people engaged in sporting activities .
The Michelob ULTRA Open at Kingsmill and Michelob Ultra Futures Players Championship , were sponsored by Michelob Ultra .
" Michelob Ultra " serves as a presenting sponsor of the Tour of Missouri bicycle race and sponsors the King of the Mountains jersey .
" Michelob " also sponsors the Rugby Super League , and many of its teams have shirt sponsorships with its " AmberBock " brand .
PGA Tour player Sergio García is sponsored by " Michelob " .
Lance Armstrong signed on October 6 , 2009 a three-year agreement to become " Michelob Ultra " 's new spokesperson and ambassador , but was dropped by the company in 2012 after being accused of using performance-enhancing drugs .
" Michelob " sponsored several episodes of the Diggnation podcast .
The hosts , Kevin Rose and Alex Albrecht , sampled the beer during the show and several episodes included interviews with the company 's head brew - master to discuss the different products that can be found in the sampler packs .
Also , an episode of the show was filmed inside the Michelob brewery .
Michelob is most notably famous for its campy commercials that used the slogan , " The night belongs to Michelob " , which centered on its " night " theme and used songs that had the word " night " or a form of the word " night " in its title , including " Tonight , Tonight , Tonight " by Genesis and " Do n't You Know What the Night Can Do ?
" by Steve Winwood .
In the 1980s and 1990s , Michelob used the slogan " Some days are better than others " .
Rolling Rock .
" Rolling Rock " is a 4.5 % abv pale lager launched in 1939 by the Latrobe Brewing Company .
In May , 2006 , Anheuser-Busch purchased the Rolling Rock brand from InBev for $ 82 million and began brewing Rolling Rock at its Newark facility in mid July , 2006 .
Other pale lagers marketed under the Rolling Rock brand name are " Rock Green Light " , 3.7 % abv , and " Rock Light " , 3.5 % ; the company also produces a 5 % abv amber lager , " Rolling Rock Red " .
Ingredients are pale barley malt , rice , corn and hops .
Busch .
" Busch Beer " , a 4.3 % abv economy brand pale lager was introduced in 1955 as " Busch Bavarian Beer " ; the brand name was changed in 1979 to " Busch Beer " .
Other beers marketed under the " Busch " brand name are Busch Light , a 4.1 % pale lager introduced in 1989 , " Busch Ice " , a 5.9 % ice beer introduced in 1995 , and " Busch NA " , a non-alcoholic brew .
Ingredients are a mix of American-grown and imported hops and a combination of malt and corn .
At a slightly lower price point than flagship brand Budweiser , it serves as Anheuser-Busch 's second most popular brand .
Shock Top .
" Shock Top " is a 5.2 % abv Belgian-style wheat ale introduced under the name " Spring Heat Spiced Wheat " brewed in Fort Collins , Colorado as a seasonal beer in 2006 , then all year from 2007 .
The beer is brewed with wheat malt , two-row barley , orange , lemon , lime peel , coriander and Cascade and Willamette hops .
Entering as the Spring Heat Spiced Wheat , Shock Top Belgian White won gold and bronze medals in the Belgian Wit ( White ) category at the 2006 and 2007 North American Beer Awards , respectively .
The brand now includes some seasonals and specialties that have replaced the Michelob Seasonals .
Such varieties include Shock Top Pumpkin Wheat , Shock Top Raspberry Wheat , Shock Top Wheat IPA , Shock Top Lemon Shandy , Shock Top Honeycrisp Apple Wheat , Shock Top Chocolate Wheat , and Shock Top End of the World Midnight Wheat .
It competes directly with the MillerCoors brand Blue Moon .
Natural .
" Natural Light " is an economy brand 4.2 % abv reduced-calorie pale lager introduced in 1977 .
The brand was originally called Anheuser-Busch Natural Light .
In 2008 " The Wall Street Journal " listed it as the fifth largest selling beer in the U.S. "Natural Ice " is an economy brand 5.9 % abv ice beer , introduced in 1995 .
Nearly two decades after the introduction of Natural Ice , a malt liquor , Natty Daddy ( 8 % ABV ) , was added to the market in 2012 .
Brokenstraw Beverage .
" Johnny Appleseed " is a 5.5 % abv cider produced by Anheuser-Busch subsidiary Brokenstraw Beverage LLC and introduced in April 2014 .
Brokenstraw Beverage was created by Anheuser-Busch in 2014 as a corporate indentity to manufacture and distribute " Johnny Appleseed " out of their Baldwinsville , N. Y. brewery .
LandShark Lager .
" LandShark Lager " , brewed in Jacksonville , Florida , is a 4.6 % abv island - style lager launched in 2006 as the house lager for " Jimmy Buffett 's Margaritaville " restaurant chain .
Under a sponsorship deal , Dolphin Stadium , home of the Miami Dolphins and the Miami Hurricanes , was renamed " LandShark Stadium " for the 2009 football season .
The contract ended in early 2010 , and the stadium has since been renamed " Sun Life Stadium " as of January 18 , 2010 , in time for both the 2010 NFL Pro Bowl and Super Bowl XLIV .
LandShark also has Bar & Grills in Pensacola , Florida , in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina and in Atlantic City , New Jersey Jimmy Buffett 's song " Fins " is about " sharks that can swim on the land " , ( in reference to men in a beach town trying to woo a vacationing woman ) while the landshark was a recurring character portrayed by Chevy Chase in the TV show " Saturday Night Live " .
Goose Island Brewery .
" Goose Island " started as a couple of brewpubs in Chicago .
On March 28 , 2011 , Goose Island announced that it will sell its 58 % stake in Fulton Street Brewery LLC ( the legal name of Goose Island Brewing ) to distribution partner Anheuser-Busch .
The remaining 42 % stake , owned by Craft Brewers Alliance LLC , is also to be purchased by Anheuser-Busch .
The Chicago brewery continues to produce and sell small batch microbrewed beers while their national offerings are made in bulk at various Anheuser-Busch facilities .
" Bourbon County Brand Stout " is still produced solely in Chicago .
Blue Point .
On February 5 , 2014 , it was announced that " Blue Point Brewing Company " was being sold to Anheuser-Busch InBev for nearly $ 24 million .
As of the time of sale , the brewery will continue to operate in its Patchogue , NY location .
10 Barrel .
in November 2014 , it was reported that 10 Barrel Brewing , with brewpubs in Bend , Oregon and Boise , Idaho , would be acquired by Anheuser-Busch .
This was the second small brewing company acquired by the company in the calendar year .
Elysian Brewing Company .
Elysian was founded in Seattle , Washington in 1995 by Dave Buhler , Joe Bisacca , and Dick Cantwell .
On January 23 , 2015 , it was announced that Elysian would be sold to Anheuser-Busch in a deal expected to close within three months .
Malt liquors .
King Cobra .
" King Cobra " is a 6 % alcohol by volume malt liquor introduced in 1984 .
It is brewed with a warmer fermentation than used for the company 's pale lagers , and the ingredients include barley malt and corn .
Hurricane .
" Hurricane High Gravity Lager " is an 8.1 % alcohol malt liquor beverage available primarily in the United States .
It is available in 40 ounce bottles , as well as 12 , 16 & 24 ounce cans .
Recently , Hurricane High Gravity 8.1 % has gone from a Black Label to a Silver Label in all of its serving sizes .
Hurricane also comes in a lower alcohol content just called Hurricane malt liquor with an abv of 5.9 % .
Spykes .
The company introduced a flavored 12 % abv malt liquor under the name " Spykes " in 2007 .
It was sold in colorful , 2 - ounce bottles .
Available flavors included mango , lime , melon and chocolate .
It was withdrawn in the same year after criticism from alcohol industry watchdog groups that it was being marketed to underage customers , and the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau found that the labeling of Spykes was illegal .
Minority ownership brands .
As of January 2013 , Anheuser-Busch InBev had 32.2 % ownership in the Craft Brew Alliance , a beer brewing company that is composed of several beer and cider brands .
Craft beer distribution alliances .
Beers made by smaller " craft " breweries which are co - distributed with A-B brands by select distributors :

Patrick Lebekwe
Patrick Lebekwe ( born 2 March 1973 ) is a Botswana former footballer who played as a defender .
In 2001 , he played one match for the Botswana national football team .

Thousand Mile Tree
Thousand Mile Tree is a pine tree located in Weber Canyon near the community of Henefer , Utah along the Overland Route of the Union Pacific Railroad .
In January 1869 , graders of the railroad found a similar tree standing next to the line they were constructing , which by coincidence marked the western progress of exactly one thousand miles of road from Omaha , Nebraska / Council Bluffs , Iowa , the eastern terminus of the First Transcontinental Railroad .
The original Thousand Mile Tree was found standing along the Weber River , adjacent to the under-construction grade of the westbound Union Pacific section of the transcontinental line in what is known as Wilhemina Pass , at an elevation of above sea level .
According to Utah rail historian and writer Don Strack , in his article " Eastbound To Wahsatch — Union Pacific 's Route Through Weber and Echo Canyons " , about one week following 15 January 1869 , the “ tracks reached the site of a large tree , tall , that happened to be exactly 1,000 miles from Omaha , and soon a sign was hung from the tree clearly stating that fact .
" The tree was in the middle of a gorge between Henefer in the Upper Weber Valley and Devil ’s Slide , a unique geological formation of twin limestone ridges running vertically from the canyon floor .
Along with the Thousand Mile Tree , Devil 's Slide immediately became a sight to be seen by all passing trains .
The gorge just east of Devil ’s Slide was named Wilhemina Pass and was the subject of several views by Union Pacific ’s official photographer A. J. Russell for his stereographic tour of the new line .
Although the gorge was changed significantly to accommodate today ’s Interstate 84 , most early trains stopped to allow passengers to appreciate the landmark , and several excursion trains from Ogden were arranged to see Wilhemina Pass , the Thousand Mile Tree , and Devil ’s Slide .
” By 1900 , the original Thousand Mile Tree had died and it was removed in September of that year .
Later modifications to the line reduced the mileage at that point from 1000 miles to , but in 1982 , Union Pacific planted a new tree to commemorate the site .
This particular tree stands today within a special fenced enclosure along the original transcontinental line , where it has grown to over tall .

Curling at the 2010 Winter Olympics – Statistics
This is a statistical synopsis of event of Curling at the 2010 Winter Olympics .
6 of the 80 curlers at the 1998 Nagano Olympics are competing in Vancouver ( plus a seventh who serves as a coach ) .
12 of the 100 curlers at the 2002 Salt Lake City Olympics are in Vancouver .
22 of the 100 curlers at the 2006 Turin Olympics are back in Vancouver .
Percentages .
In curling , each player is graded on their shots on a scale of zero to four .
Their cumulative point total is then marked as a percentage out of the total points possible .
This score is just for statistical purposes , and has nothing to do with the outcome of the game .
Men 's tournament .
Percentages by draw .
Leads .
1 Normally throws second Seconds .
1Normally throws third rocks 2Includes percentages from playing lead 3Includes percentages from playing third Thirds .
1 Normally throws last rocks 2 Normally throws second rocks 3 Includes games played as fourth 4 Includes games played as second Skips .
1 Normally throws third 2 Includes games played as third Women 's tournament .
Percentages by draw .
Seconds .
1 Normally throws third 2Includes games played third Thirds .
1 Normally throws last rocks 2 Normally throws second rocks 3 Includes games played as fourth 4 Includes games played as second Fourth .
1 Normally throws third rocks 2 Includes games played as third Team statistics .
Women 's tournament . Key

Nicholas Harrison
Nicholas Harrison FRSC FinstP is a British physicist and professor of Computational Materials Science at Imperial College London .
His work is concerned principally with the use of quantum mechanics to predict the properties of materials at the nanoscale .
He received his first degree from Birmingham University and performed the research that lead to his PhD within the Theory and Computational Science department at Daresbury Laboratory .
In 1993 he was a visiting scientist at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory in Washington State USA returning to Daresbury as head of the Computational Materials Science Group in 1994 .
In 2000 he became the Professor of Computational Materials Science at Imperial College London .
He was elected a Fellow of the Institute of Physics in 2004 and a Fellow of the Royal Society of Chemistry in 2008 .
He is head of the Energy Programme of the UK 's Science and Technology Facilities Council .

Jack Hixon
Jack Hixon ( 1921 – 20 December 2009 ) was an English football talent scout .
A familiar face at football games across the North East for decades , Hixon played a major part in furthering the careers of many footballers from the region .
Working as Burnley 's scout in the North East for many years , Hixon also recommended players to Southampton , Ipswich Town , Sunderland and Newcastle United .
His most notable protégé was Alan Shearer , with whom he remained close friends up until his death .

Hurts Publishing
Hurts Publishing , LLC is a privately held American limited liability company , which produces books .
They are based in Nacogdoches , Texas .
History .
Hurts Publishing was founded in 2008 in Texas .
Hurts Books currently publishes Fiction , Chick - Lit , Christian Fiction , Young Adult Fiction , Children Books , Christmas Books , and Self Help books .

Thatayaone Mothuba
Thatayaone Mothuba ( born 5 May 1978 ) is a Botswanan footballer who plays as a defender for Nico United since 2003 .
Mothuba was first called up to the Botswana national football team in 2001 , and won two caps for his country in 2002 .
Career .
Thatayone mothuba was born 05may 1978 played for Botswana under 17,20,23 , senior national team and was part of the team that won the Botswana 4 nation tournament when he scored the winning goal against Namibia.A very strong defender with aerial power .
Won championships with the former team Notwane football club .
Part of the team that played a goalless draw in a COSAFA castle cup in Gaborone national stadium .
Currently an assistant coach at Nico United in selebi phikwe , he worked with the likes of former Zimbabwean winger Madinda Ndlovu , Luke Masumera , Paul gundani

Abdullahi Aliyu
Dr. Abdullahi Aliyu is a Nigerian Civil servant who joined the Civil Service in August 1980 and became a Permanent Secretary in January 2001 .
In 2006 , he was appointed Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Science & Technology .
In July 2007 , Abdullahi Aliyu said that he had received a presidential mandate to explore use of nuclear energy in Nigeria for generation of electricity .
In March 2008 , as Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Energy ( Power Section ) , Abdullahi Aliyu testified before a panel investigating expenditures in the power sector in the previous eight years .
Aliyu said that contracts had been awarded by the former minister of Power and Steel and the Presidency , and said that the civil service had not been involved in the contract awards and payments .
In May 2009 , he was arraigned by a High Court in Abuja over alleged fraud in the rural electrification contracts , along with Senator Nicholas Ugbane and others .
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission ( EFCC ) said the accused had breached public trust and conspired among themselves to defraud the country .
The High Court ordered that the accused be remanded in prison custody until June 4 , 2009 when it would decide on their bail requests .
He was granted bail , but in June 2009 was rearrested by the EFCC on fresh charges .
In November 2009 the EFCC preferred a fresh 130 - count charge for defrauding the government in the amount of over N5.2 .
All of the accused pleaded " not guilty " .

Thank You – Live
Thank You – Live is the first full length DVD release by British R&B Singer Jamelia released on November 1 , 2004 on EMI Records .
The DVD was recorded live at Shepherds Bush Empire , London on June 15 , 2004 .

James Glenwright Unger
James Glenwright Unger ( born January 18 , 1985 ) in Garfield Heights , Ohio is a retired American hockey player .
He most recently played with the Johnstown Chiefs of the ECHL during the 2007-08 ECHL season .
Playing career .
Unger was first noticed as a standout forward for the Topeka ScareCrows during the 2001-2003 seasons in the USHL .
During his time in Topeka , Unger compiled 52 points in 100 games played , scoring 23 goals , 29 assists , and 181 penalty minutes .
Unger played university hockey at Bowling Green State University from 2003 to 2007 .
During his 129 GP for BGSU , Unger amassed 78 total points , 40 career goals , 38 assists , and 189 penalty minutes .
The defining moment of Unger 's college career came when he set a CCHA record in 2007 .
The record is for most goals scored in a period with 4 goals in a 7-5 loss vs. University of Nebraska at Omaha .
Unger 's short-lived pro career came in the ECHL with the Toledo Storm during the 2006-2007 season in which he had 1 GP with no points .
During the 2006-07 ECHL playoffs , he had 4 GP with 1 goal and 2 assists .
The following season Unger had a brief stint with the Johnstown Chiefs in which he played in two games but did not score .
Personal .
Unger retired from professional hockey in February 2008 and has since started a career in the financial services industry .

Bernard O ' Brien ( politician )
Bernard F. O ' Brien ( March 5 , 1914 – January 30 , 2011 ) was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from Wilkes - Barre , Pennsylvania .
O ' Brien played an instrumental role in funding the construction of the Cross Valley Expressway in northeastern Pennsylvania .
He was succeeded in the state House by Kevin Blaum , a young Wilkes-Barre city councilman who upset O ' Brien in a Democratic primary .

Joseph Semanoff
Joseph Semanoff ( August 16 , 1916 – March 1981 ) was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Thomas J. McCall
Thomas J. McCall ( January 27 , 1935 – December 24 , 1981 ) was a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

James A. Goodman
James A. Goodman ( born June 12 , 1936 ) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Phuthego Modipe
Phuthego Modipe is a Botswanan former footballer who played as a midfielder .
He played for the Botswana national football team in 2001 .

Frank M. Allen
Frank M. Allen ( February 15 , 1923 – January 9 , 1999 ) was a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

William Klingaman
William K. Klingaman , Sr. ( December 14 , 1916 – August 13 , 1991 ) was a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Joseph Manbeck
Joseph H. Manbeck ( October 18 , 1906 – September 22 , 1996 ) was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

William E. Baldwin ( politician )
William E. Baldwin ( born March 6 , 1948 ) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
He was elected to Court of Common Pleas of Schuylkill County on November 3 , 1987 .

Thomas Clark ( composer )
Thomas Clark ( 1775–1859 ) was a Canterbury shoemaker ( cordwainer ) and a prolific composer of West Gallery music , especially for the Nonconformist churches of the South East of England .
Sally Drage , writing in the New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians , notes that he was ' particularly influential as the composer of early Sunday School collections ' Clark was born in St Peter 's parish in Canterbury and baptized on 5 February 1775 .
He was apprenticed as a shoemaker to his father , William Clark , and became a Freeman of the City of Canterbury in 1796 on completion of his apprenticeship as he was the son of a Freeman .
He married Anne Ledger in St George 's Church , Canterbury , in November 1806 .
He took over the family business on his father 's death in 1823 .
He retired from business in about 1842-3 .
He died in Canterbury on 30 May 1859 , aged 84 .
The best-known of his hymn tunes is " Cranbrook " : it was originally set to the words ' Grace ' tis a charming sound ' written by Philip Doddridge , and published in Clark 's first book " A Sett of Psalm & Hymn Tunes " [ 1805 ] .
" Cranbrook " was later used as a tune for the Christmas hymn ' While shepherds watched their flocks by night ' and is now better known as the tune of the Yorkshire song ' On Ilkla Moor Baht ' at ' .
Two other tunes by Clark were included in the 1933 " Methodist Hymn Book with Tunes " : they are " Crediton " ( tune 565 ) , which was first published in Clark 's " Second Set of Psalm Tunes ... with symphonies & an instrumental bass , adapted to the use of country choirs " [ c1807 ] , and " Warsaw " ( tune 606 ) , which was first published in his " Third Set of Psalm & Hymn Tunes " [ 1807 ] .

Harold Stahl
Harold John Stahl , Jr. is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Harold L. Brown
Harold L. Brown is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

Pseudactinoceratidae
Pseudactinoceraidae is a family in the nautiloid cephalopod order , Pseudorthocerida , known from the Upper Devonian and Lower Carboniferous ( Mississippian ) .
Pseuactinocerids are characterized by elongated , straight and gently curved shells with a subcentral siphuncle composed of broadly expanded segments in the adult in which there are internal deposits pieced by two series of radial canals .
Deposits form initially at the septal openings and grow mostly forward to connect with the next deposit in the anterior part of the next segment .
The radial canals connect the interior of the segments with the ends of the connecting rings as they approach adjacent septa .
Camerae , which are generally short , are commonly filled with organic deposits .
Flower preferred the term Macroloxoceratidae , ( ex Macrolooxcerainae , a subfamily in the Pseuorthoceratidae ) which he proposed ; reasoning that since " Macroloxoceras " is based on an adult specimen and is better defined than " Pseudactinoceras " which is based on a juvenile portion of a phagmocone , it is a better choice by which the ( sub ) family should be named .

Paul Angstadt
Paul J. Angstadt ( born February 12 , 1939 ) is an American politician and member of the Republican who served in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1983 to 1992 .
Angstadt was elected Mayor of Reading , Pennsylvania , in 1995 , defeating Democratic state Rep. Thomas Caltagirone in the mayoral election .
Angstadt was the first Republican elected as Reading 's mayor since Eugene Shirk won re-election to a second term in 1971 .
Angstadt became Reading 's first strong mayor under the city 's new home rule form of government , which took effect on January 1 , 1996 , the day of Angstadt 's inauguration .
On January 25 , 1999 , Mayor Angstadt announced that he would not seek re-election to a second term .
He was succeeded by Democrat Joseph Eppihimer

Russell LaMarca
Russell J. LaMarca is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

James Gallen
James J. " Jim " Gallen ( August 15 , 1928 – April 12 , 2012 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
He represented Berks County in the State House for over twenty-seven years , first as one of the county 's at-large representatives , then as the member for the 128th District seat created in 1968 , following an overhaul of the State Constitution which reapportioned seats based upon numbered districts .
He announced his retirement from the State House in 1992 , at which time he unsuccessfully sought the 6th Congressional District seat being vacated by Democratic incumbent Gus Yatron .
Gallen was defeated in the Republican primary by Pottsville attorney John Jones , who went on to lose the general election to Schuylkill County Sheriff Tim Holden .
Gallen died on April 12 , 2012 in his Shillington , Pennsylvania home of complications stemming from appendicitis .

William G. Piper
William Goodman Piper ( February 16 , 1906 – November 1976 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .

John S. Davies ( Pennsylvania politician )
John S. Davies was a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
He was the son of John and Caroline ( née Boas ) Davies .

Federal Court of India
The Federal Court of India was a judicial body , established in India in 1937 under the provisions of the " Government of India Act 1935 " , with original , appellate and advisory jurisdiction .
It functioned until 1950 , when the Supreme Court of India was established .
The seat of the Federal Court was at Delhi .
There was a right of appeal to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in London from the Federal Court of India .
The Federal Court had exclusive original jurisdiction in any dispute between the Central Government and the Provinces .
Initially , it was empowered to hear appeals from the High Courts of the provinces in the cases which involved the interpretation of any Section of the " Government of India Act , 1935 " .
From 5 January 1948 it was also empowered to hear appeals in those cases , which did not involve any interpretation of the " Government of India Act , 1935 " .
History .
The Federal Court came into being on 1 October 1937 .
The seat of the court was the Chamber of Princes in the Parliament building in Delhi .
It began with a Chief Justice and two puisne judges .
The first Chief Justice was Sir Maurice Gwyer and the other two judges were Sir Shah Muhammad Sulaiman and M. R. Jayakar .
It functioned until the establishment of the Supreme Court of India on 28 January 1950 .
List of Chief Justices .
‡ – Date of Resignation

Lester Fryer
Lester K. Fryer ( August 19 , 1919 – May 5 , 1990 ) was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
He died on May 5 , 1990 at the age of 70 .
Among survivors were his wife , Mary , and son , Charles .

Marion Technical College
Marion Technical College ( MTC ) is a public technical college located on a campus in Marion , Ohio that is shared between MTC and the Ohio State University at Marion .
Founded in 1970 with classes beginning in 1971 , MTC has awarded over 5,270 associate degrees .
The college offers over 50 associate degree and certificate programs in the areas of Business , Engineering , Information Technology , Public Service , Health , and Arts and Sciences .
Academics .
The college offers programs in six primary areas : Business , Engineering , Information Technology , Public Service , Health , and Arts and Sciences .
Transferable programs .
In 2009 the college began offering an associate of arts degree and an associate of science degree .
These " pre-bachelor 's " degrees comprise liberal arts and sciences education that enable students to transfer to four-year public colleges in the state of Ohio with the first two years of a bachelor 's degree complete .
This transfer process is guaranteed by the Ohio Board of Regents via the Transfer Assurance Guide ( TAG ) .
In addition to TAG courses , MTC also has articulation agreements with select private colleges in the state of Ohio .
For instance , the articulation agreement with Heidelberg University ( Ohio ) located in Tiffin , Ohio states that students who have earned an associate of arts or associate of science degree from MTC and meet the admission requirements of Heidelberg University ( Ohio ) will be admitted with full junior status .
The articulation agreement with Franklin University states that students who complete an associate degree at MTC can have their credits transferred to Franklin University whereupon they can begin working on and complete an online bachelor 's degree from Franklin .
Mount Vernon Nazarene University ( MVNU ) in Mount Vernon , Ohio and MTC have an articulation agreement which allows MTC associate degree graduates to transfer their credit to MVNU into their bachelor 's degree program .
In May 2011 , Otterbein University in Westerville , OH signed an articulation agreement with MTC that states they will admit and confer full junior status upon any student who completes an associate degree with a 2.0 or higher at MTC .
Distance learning .
As early as 2001 , students in a nursing master 's program were able to attend classes at Otterbein University electronically from the videoconferencing room at Marion Technical College .
Awards and recognition .
In 2009 MTC was awarded the " William Over College Access Collaboration Award " from the Ohio College Access Network ( OCAN ) .
The award is given annually " to a college access program , resource center or high school dedicated to building collaborative relationships to help more Ohioans access , pay for and enroll in educational programs beyond high school .
" In 2011 MTC was awarded two " Innovation Awards " from the Center for Transforming Student Services ( CENTSS ) .
One award was given because of the College 's " created by Brian Liles , and the other award was given because of the College 's official blog , " .
According to CENTSS , Innovation Awards are given to " college and university student services professionals [ who ] have used tools , creative strategies , and fresh thinking to design , develop , implement , and maintain online student services that have produced measureable results .
" Accreditation .
MTC is accredited by The Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools .

Apulian regional election , 2010
The Apulian regional election of 2010 took place in Apulia , Italy , on 28–29 March 2010 .
The outgoing President Nichi Vendola of Left Ecology Freedom ( SEL ) was elected for a second-consecutive term , after having won the a primary election in which he beat a Democrat and having benefited from the split of the centre-right , whose two candidates jointly won 51.0 % of the vote .
Vendola 's party , SEL , had a strong showing in the Region by coming third with 9.7 % of the vote , after The People of Freedom ( 31.1 % ) and the Democratic Party ( 20.8 % ) .
Background .
The incumbent left-wing president Nichi Vendola , who in 2005 surprisingly defeated a centrist in the centre-left primary election and then the outgoing President Raffaele Fitto , is under attack by his own coalition .
Vendola , a gay communist President in a fairly conservative region , will find hard to get re-election in a time when the centre-right led by Silvio Berlusconi is ahead of the centre-left both in Apulia and the whole country .
Moreover Vendola , after having left the Communist Refoundation Party in early 2009 , instead of joining the Democratic Party ( PD ) , the largest party of the centre-left , started a small outfit named Left and Freedom and launched his bid .
The Democrats acknowledge that they need a larger coalition in order to beat the centre-right and they are thus trying to convince Vendola to give up his bid and to endorse a more centrist candidate that could obtain the support of the Union of Christian and Centre Democrats ( UDC ) and Adriana Poli Bortone 's I the South movement .
Michele Emiliano , Mayor of Bari and PD regional leader , has been constantly mentioned as a possible candidate who may receive the support also of the UDC .
For her part Poli Bortone may be interested in the race but her right-wing upbringing ( she was a member of the Italian Social Movement and of National Alliance ) would undoubtedly stir the left .
In a succession of events between late December 2009 and January 2010 , Emiliano turned against Vendola ( whom he supported until then ) , asked his party 's regional assembly to unanimously endorse him , the assembly of the party was suspended because of clashes between Emiliano and Vendola supporters , then Emiliano accepted to contest a primary election with Vendola and finally withdrew from the race , leaving the PD without a strong candidate .
Finally Vendola was chosen as candidate of the centre-left in a primary election on 25 January 2010 .
The People of Freedom ( PdL ) of Berlusconi and Fitto subsequently chose Rocco Palese , leader of Forza Italia–PdL group in the Regional Council and former Vice President of Fitto , while the UDC launched Poli Bortone .
Centre-left primary election .
After that Emiliano renounced his bid , the PD proposed Francesco Boccia as its candidate and the UDC endorsed him .
However , as Vendola did not intend to withdraw from the race , the PD accepted to run a coalition primary election between Vendola and Boccia .
This was a re - edition of the 2005 primary election , in which Boccia was narrowly defeated by Vendola .
On 25 January 2010 an unprecedented number of Apulian citizens turned out to vote in the primary and Vendola trounced Boccia in the primary , by winning over 62 % of the votes cast .
General election results .

Kabelo Moshaoa
Kabelo Moshaoa is a Botswana footballer .
He currently plays as a midfielder for the Boteti Young Fighters .
He also won one cap for the Botswana national football team in 2001 .

